Philadelphia  CNN  -- When Yashodo Gurung left her mother 's side at a West Philadelphia abortion clinic , she thought the 41-year-old woman was napping while she awaited her medical procedure . But now , as testimony Tuesday in the trial of the clinic 's doctor indicated , Gurung wonders if maybe her mother was in fact dead when Gurung was asked by a staffer at the Women 's Medical Society to return to the waiting room at the front of the clinic . "  I thought she was peaceful and sleeping , " the a 26-year-old Bhutanese refugee said through a translator , wiping her eyes with a tissue . Dr. Kermit Gosnell faces eight counts of murder in the deaths of seven babies and that of Gurung 's mother , Karnamaya Mongar , of Virginia , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion . Authorities accuse Gosnell , 72 , of using scissors to sever the spinal cords of fetuses who emerged from their mothers still alive . Medical examiner had to thaw fetal remains in Philly abortion case He has pleaded not guilty . His defense attorney , Jack McMahon , has maintained that none of the infants was killed ; rather , they were already deceased as a result of Gosnell previously administering an abortion drug . Mongar died November 19 , 2009 , after overdosing on anesthetics prescribed by the doctor , Philadelphia District Attorney Seth Williams said following the arrest of Gosnell and before a gag order was put in place preventing attorneys and now jurors from speaking to the media . Williams called the facility "  a house of horrors " that performed "  botched and illegal abortions " and that was full of containers of fetuses ' body parts . Born in Bhutan , Mongar spent 18 years living in a bamboo hut in a Nepalese refugee camp before coming to the United States in July 2009 as part of a humanitarian resettlement program , the family 's attorney , Bernard Smalley , told CNN in 2011 following the release of the grand jury report . The mother of three and grandmother of one was 19 weeks into her pregnancy when she went to Gosnell 's practice . Gurung testified that while she waited with her mother for several hours , she saw her mother given multiple doses of medicine in pill form . Gurung also saw her mother receive additional medication intravenously through an IV line inserted in Mongar 's hand . Mongar 's brother , Damber Ghalley , who speaks English , also testified Tuesday . Ghalley told jurors he took Mongar to Gosnell 's practice two days in a row . After hours inside the clinic during the second visit , Ghalley was waiting outside in his car when things turned chaotic as an ambulance and firefighters arrived on the scene , he said . "  I knew something was wrong when I saw the ambulance , " Ghalley testified , adding that firefighters had to use bolt cutters to open a padlocked emergency exit just to get Mongar out of the clinic on a stretcher . Ghalley said he saw Gosnell standing inside the doorway asked him what was happening . "  He  Gosnell  said the procedure was done but ` Your sister 's heart stopped , ' " Ghalley said . Jurors also heard from Gosnell 's former maintenance man , Jimmy Johnson , who testified that his duties included removing the biohazard waste from the exam rooms . Johnson said that the toilets inside the clinic would be "  stopped up " at least twice a week . "  When I plunged it once , particles came up , " Johnson said . "  What kind of particles , " assistant district attorney Edward Cameron asked . "  An arm came up , " Johnson replied . Also on trial is Eileen O'Neill , 56 , a medical school graduate who worked as a doctor at Gosnell 's clinic . O'Neill , who did not have a medical license , is charged with participating in the operation of a "  corrupt organization . " If found guilty , Gosnell could be sentenced to death . Philadelphia abortion clinic worker pleads guilty	Dr. Kermit Gosnell is on trial on eight counts of murder in eight deaths The deaths are those of seven babies and a 41-year-old woman The woman had gone to Gosnell 's clinic for an abortion Trial testimony Tuesday came from the woman 's 26-year-old daughter
CNN  -- A man died Tuesday at Niagara Falls from his injuries after going over a wall and falling into the gorge , authorities said . Ontario 's Special Investigations Unit  SIU  is investigating the death . Shortly after 5 p.m. ET , an officer with the Niagara Regional Police Service was chasing a man , the agency said . Some time later , both fell into the gorge . The officer , who police declined to identify , sustained a broken femur and was airlifted to Hamilton General Hospital . The man who was with him died . Video from the scene first showed the rescue of the officer . A firetruck ladder extended over a cliff . Then what looked to be the second individual was raised from the gorge on a stretcher . The body was still , and wrapped in white sheets . It was loaded into a waiting ambulance . The SIU has assigned seven investigators and two forensic investigations to the case . The agency conducts criminal investigations into circumstances involving police and civilians that have ended in serious injury , death or allegations of sexual assault .	An officer also fell into the gorge , but survived with a broken femur The officer was airlifted to a hospital in Hamilton , Ontario Ontario 's Special Investigations Unit is investigating the incident
Tokyo  CNN  -- A Japan Airlines ' inspection of a Boeing 787 Dreamliner involved in a fuel spill last week at Boston 's Logan International Airport found a new leak from a nozzle on the plane 's left wing , a JAL spokesman said Sunday . The leak was different from one that caused a flight on January 8 to be delayed by four hours , the airline said . The jet was bound for Tokyo on January 8 when a pilot on another airplane spotted the 787 leaking fuel just before takeoff . The ongoing investigation found a new leak in a nozzle used to remove fuel . The new 787 Dreamliner has been the subject of negative publicity after a string of recent mechanical and other problems . Troubles dating back just four months include reports of an oil leak , a fuel leak , engine cracks and a damaged cockpit window . This all follows a very difficult development history that included a series of production setbacks and other delays before the plane entered service in 2011 . The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , which is responsible for air safety , launched a comprehensive examination on Friday of the Dreamliner 's design , manufacture and assembly . Dreamliner safety review : What it means for fliers More than 150 Dreamliner flights occur daily , according to Boeing . United Airlines -- which has six 787s -- debuted the nation 's first domestic Dreamliner routes last November with much fanfare . Ray Conner , the head of Boeing 's commercial airplanes unit , said Friday that Boeing is convinced of the aircraft 's safety and that the airlines that have bought the plane are also confident in its safety . "  These planes are safe , " he said . "  We welcome any opportunity to further assure people outside the industry . " Worldwide , Boeing has delivered 50 Dreamliners . Several hundred are under order , making its success crucial for Boeing , which had not designed a new commercial jetliner in years before unveiling the Dreamliner . The twin-engine jetliner is heralded for its mostly carbon fiber construction , which reduces weight . Its fuel-saving possibilities , cutting edge technology , operational versatility and cabin appointments generated enormous interest from airlines , initially overseas . One passenger said Friday he would avoid flying on a 787 for the time being . "  I am wary of a plane model that has fire problems and leaks fuel , " said Atlanta-based businessman Bobby Burns , a project manager who takes more than 50 trips a year . "  I think of it the same as a new car model : wait a year or two to get all the ` recalls ' sorted out . " A week Boeing would like to forget CNN 's Junko Ogura contributed to this report .	Plane involved fuel spill in Boston found to have second leak in Japan , airline says Inspection in Japan found leak in nozzle used to remove fuel Boeing 's new 787 has had several problems , including engine cracks Manufacturer spokesman : "  These planes are safe "
CNN  -- Nichelle Nichols has spent her whole life going where no one has gone before , and at 81 she 's still as sassy and straight-talking as you 'd expect from an interstellar explorer . "  I do n't have enough sense to keep my mouth shut , " says the legendary Star Trek actor with a hearty laugh . "  Whatever comes up , comes out . " "  I ca n't help myself . " As the startlingly beautiful and fiercely intelligent Lt. Uhura on the hit 1960s TV series , Nichols was a revolutionary figure at a time when the only African-American women you saw on U.S. TV were usually playing servants . Indeed , Star Trek was reportedly the only program Martin Luther King Jr would let his children stay up late to watch . When Nichols was considering leaving the show to pursue a career on Broadway , King Jr personally implored her to stay , saying she was a powerful role model for black people across the country -- and the world . "  That was the greatest thing , " says Nichols . "  That was greater than anything else , to be told that by Dr. Martin Lurther King , because he was my leader . "  So I stayed and I never regretted it . " NASA ambassador As the original series drew to a close at the end of the decade , a real-life space race was gathering pace -- and this time it was Nichols calling for auditions . The United States landed a man on the moon in 1969 -- but our astronauts need n't be limited to white males , said Nichols . "  There were no women , and there were no minorities in the space program -- and that 's supposed to represent the whole country ? " she says , her voice rising incredulously down the phone from her home in Woodland Hills , California . "  Not in this day and age . We just absolutely can not have that . I ca n't be a part of that , " she said at the time . The glamorous sci-fi celebrity was soon enlisted by NASA to recruit the country 's first female and ethnic minority astronauts . She traveled the length and breadth of the United States calling for promising astronauts to come forward -- among them was Sally Ride , the first American woman in space , and Charles Bolden , the current NASA administrator . "  As a matter of fact , Sally called me to tell me that I was the way she had heard about the space program , " says Nichols . "  I was somewhat of a celebrity in their eyes . I had gone on television and in several interviews spoke of why they should get involved , and they took it up and said ` she 's absolutely right . ' " The kiss Nichols was n't just a TV celebrity -- she was a TV revolutionary , locking lips with William Shatner in one of the small screen 's first interracial kisses , in 1968 . Though at the time , she did n't quite see what all the fuss was about . "  I come from an interracial family , and so it was kind of boring for me to be talking about something I experienced every day , " she says . "  It was not new to me , because I lived it . "  But I realized it was new on TV , and I had the opportunity to bring it to the world . " The scene -- in which Lt. Uhura and Captain Kirk are controlled by humanoids who force them to embrace -- received a huge response from the public , largely positive . Society today has much to learn from the crew living on board the "  Enterprise " in the 23rd century , says Nichols . "  Star Trek is about the freedom to be who you are , and be respected for who you are , " she says , her warm native Illinois accent raspy round the edges . "  It demands that you respect everyone else equally . It 's as simple as that . " Stars in her eyes Born in the small town of Robbins , outside Chicago , in 1932 , Nichols came from a family that defied convention . Her grandfather was a white Southerner who married a black woman , and in doing so was ostracized by his wealthy parents . Nichols ' father was a factory worker who also served as town mayor . A talented dancer and singer , Nichols started performing Chicago clubs at 14 , meeting one jazz legend who would change her life forever -- Duke Ellington . "  He was the greatest name in music , black or white or any other thing , " says Nichols . "  Everyone at every level had the greatest respect for him . " She later toured with the successful composer , despite other people 's reservations about what was expected of schoolgirls at the time . "  You went to school and it was like ` girls did n't do that . ' But I was like ` c'mon . ' So I just jumped on this opportunity with both feet , " she says . Enduring wonder of space As a child , Nichols was also told that "  girls were n't supposed to like science " -- not that she took much notice . "  Science is not a boy 's game , it 's not a girl 's game . It 's everyone 's game . It 's about where we are and where we 're going , " she says , and you can almost picture the serene figure of Lt. Uhura in red uniform , speaking at the controls . "  Space travel benefits us here on Earth . And we ai n't stopped yet . There 's more exploration to come . " It seems Star Trek 's legendary communications officer has a real-life message for us all . Watch : Space archeologist reveals lost civilizations Interactive : 50 years of women in space Inspire : Live space chat with astronaut Karen Nyberg	Exclusive interview with Nichelle Nichols , Lt. Uhura on Star Trek Glamorous TV star was recruiter for NASA One of first interracial kisses on TV , with William Shatner aka Captain Kirk Toured with jazz legend Duke Ellington as dancer and singer
CNN  -- Would the "  first conservative " recognize modern conservatism ? The conservatism of recent days has been a conservatism of radical individualism : a politics that sees its job as protecting society 's "  makers " from society 's "  takers . " Yet the man most often credited as the founder of modern conservatism , the 18th-century British thinker-politician Edmund Burke , saw things very differently . Against the politics of "  I want , I want , I want , " he emphasized continuity , responsibility and community . That was a tough teaching 200 years ago , and it remains a tough teaching today . It 's not a surprise that it often goes unheard . This year , however , Burke 's tough teaching is again getting the articulation it deserves , thanks to two distinguished books by two rising conservative thinkers , one British , one American . Jesse Norman is a British member of Parliament who strongly identified with Prime Minister David Cameron 's modernizing conservatism . His book was first published in Great Britain under the title "  Edmund Burke : Philosopher , Politician , Prophet " but then rereleased in the United States under the pithier "  Edmund Burke : The First Conservative . " As Norman tells it , Burke was a thinker and politician who rejected the demands of "  I want " in favor of the duties of "  you should . " In Burke 's words : " -LSB- T -RSB- he state ought not to be considered as nothing better than a partnership agreement in a trade of pepper and coffee , calico or tobacco , or some other such low concern , to be taken up for a little temporary interest , and to be dissolved by the fancy of the parties . " Burke rejected both the "  I want , I want " of people who expect ever more generous social programs from government -- and the "  I want , I want " of bankers and brokers who wish to be allowed to stake huge gambles with other people 's money . "  Except in reaction to the most extreme necessity , -LSB- Burke 's -RSB- politics is one of moderation . He was an early supporter of free markets , but only within a strong context of personal probity , law , market norms and trust . " Norman 's Burke forcefully critiques the disintegration of society into personal atoms , each seeking only its own personal economic betterment . " -LSB- T -RSB- he individual is not simply a compendium of wants , human happiness is not simply a matter of satisfying individual wants , and the purpose of politics is not to satisfy the interests of people living here and now : it is to preserve an evolving social order which meets the needs of generations past , present , and future . " Make no mistake : Norman 's Burkean politics is conservative politics . Burke defended free enterprise and private property rights . Burke 's contemporary Adam Smith , author of "  The Wealth of Nations " and founder of modern economics , saluted Burke as the only person whose ideas had corresponded with his own without any prior communication between the two . Burke favorably reviewed Smith 's books , and the two men became friends . Yet Burke could also forcefully denounce the abuse of economic power and the corruptions of wealth . Norman again : " -LSB- H -RSB- e regarded as his greatest achievement his campaign to restrain the influence , greed and self-dealing of the East India Company , and to insist on the accountability of private power to legitimate public authority . " Here is a conservative who has much to say in the era of predatory finance and selective bailouts . A politician himself , Norman shrewdly appreciates that Burke 's contributions emerged from an active career . Burke understood the limits of the possible because he himself had often bumped up against them -- hard . Burke spent only a few months of his long political career in office ; he passed most of his parliamentary career estranged from the government of the day and exerted almost all of his influence in writings and speeches from the back benches . Norman bumped up one of those limits himself . In September , he voted against his own party leadership on a proposed intervention in the Syrian civil war and was stripped of his party leadership position . In politics , yet separated from it -- that is the place and role to stimulate fresh political thought . The author of this year 's second great work on Burke , Yuval Levin , is located both closer to -- and simultaneously further from -- political power even than Norman . A former domestic policy adviser to President George W. Bush , Levin now edits the flagship conservative policy magazine , National Affairs . At the same time , he is one of the most influential advisers of Rep. Paul Ryan , the former GOP vice presidential nominee ; you might say that Levin now holds the Irving Kristol chair as a one-man Republican brain trust . Levin presents his new work on Burke as a study of a fierce debate that erupted in the 1790s between Burke and his one-time friendly acquaintance , Thomas Paine . Both men were migrants : Burke , Irish-born , had moved to England ; Paine , English-born , moved to the American Colonies . Paine had given words to the American Revolution in his pamphlet "  Common Sense , " which became , after the Bible , probably the most widely read book in the America of the 1770s . Burke had urged compromise with the Americans in speeches in Parliament and then , after it was too late for reconciliation , urged peace and acceptance of independence . Fifteen years later , however , those two former allies bitterly quarreled . Burke 's 1790 book , "  Reflections on the Revolution in France , " eloquently and prophetically warned that revolution would end in blood and tyranny . Paine wrote a rebuttal to Burke , "  The Rights of Man , " published in 1791 . He transplanted himself to France to lend personal support to the new regime and was elected to the French National Assembly . To his surprise -- but probably not to Burke 's -- Paine ended up in a French prison cell when his preferred faction lost power in late 1793 . But he was not guillotined , and he lived and kept writing , becoming probably the first writer in English to propose something prophetically like the modern welfare state . In "  The Great Debate : Edmund Burke , Thomas Paine , and the Birth of Left and Right , " published in December , Levin argues that Paine deserves equal billing with Burke as a founder of our modern political debates . Levin sets each thinker as a standard and corrective for their modern descendants . Yet as Levin himself seems well aware , it is the conservatives who have drifted further -- and who need correction more . Levin 's Burke often seems to be debating -- not against his contemporary Paine -- but against our contemporaries of the libertarian right . "  Burke essentially denies the relevance  though not necessarily the existence  of abstract , individual , natural rights . He defines instead some practical rights to the benefit of society . And those benefits do not amount to freedom or power . In fact , some of the benefits of society to which men have a right involve restraints on their freedom and their passions . " And again : "  Human beings can not live in society if they follow their wants and passions unrestrained , and so one of the rights of citizens is to have their passions brought under some control . Thus society guarantees some liberties and some restraints , and precisely how these are balanced is in normal times a matter of prudence , not absolute principle . " And once more , this time maybe most tellingly : "  Where Paine imposes on government the obligation to respect the freedom of action of each of its citizens , Burke imposes on government a much less exacting  if somewhat more demanding  obligation to meet the wants of the people and advance the interests of the complex social whole . " It is Paine , Levin 's non-hero , who speaks the language of the tea party -- and Burke , Levin 's hero , who rejects maximum individual rights in favor of a theory of social obligation . Burke sees , and Levin sees with him , that a politics of egoism and individualism leads to the dissolution of the institutions a conservative will want to protect . As Levin concludes : "  Today 's conservatives are thus too rhetorically strident and far too open to the siren song of hyper individualism . ... They could benefit by adopting Burke 's focus on the social character of man -LSB- and -RSB- from Burke 's thoroughgoing gradualism . " These are wise and needed cautions -- and phrased with the cautious wisdom necessary to make them acceptable to conservatives who do not wish to hear what they most need to know . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	British thinker Edmund Burke often considered the "  first conservative , " David Frum says Yet Burke would differ from the radical individualism of today 's U.S. conservatives , he says Frum says Burke saw the importance of community , continuity and responsibility Frum : Two new books show the need for taking Burke 's philosophy seriously today
Editor 's note : CNN executive producer Suzanne Simons is the author of "  Master of War : Blackwater 's Erik Prince and the Global Business of War . " Private contractor Xe flies military personnel in Afghanistan and helps train Afghan border police . The company formerly known as Blackwater , now called Xe much to its chagrin , has been at the center of the contractor debate for years . From the time four of its men were ambushed and murdered in Fallujah , Iraq , in 2004 , to a shooting involving a team of its men in a Baghdad neighborhood in which at least 14 Iraqi civilians were killed in 2007 , the company has drawn unwanted headlines . Blackwater owner Erik Prince downsized the company earlier this year when business failed to keep pace with investment . He changed the company 's name after the Iraqi government banned it from doing business there . But those who thought contractors were going away under President Obama 's administration could n't be more wrong . According to the Department of Defense , there are some 68,000 contractors in Afghanistan today and more than 132,000 in Iraq . But those numbers are n't an accurate reflection of the total number of contractors because they do n't include those working for other government agencies such as the Department of State . Many of those tens of thousands are third-country nationals , meaning they were hired from a third country to go to Iraq . Many earn between $ 400 and $ 700 a month ; while Americans , particularly those performing dangerous security duties , can earn as much in a day . Despite being kicked out of Iraq , Xe still does a healthy business in Afghanistan , flying military personnel from one location to another and helping train Afghan border police charged with making the country 's massive , porous borders more secure . It 's one of the many jobs that the U.S. military just is n't staffed to tackle on its own . In fact , the U.S. military today is beefed up by a force of nearly a quarter million private contractors . There are even cases where contractors oversee the contractors . And that 's the problem . The U.S. has come to rely on them so heavily , in such a short period of time , that the government has come under fire for not managing them adequately . Even among the eight-member team that makes up the Wartime Contracting Commission , a congressionally mandated effort to review the contracting process in Iraq and Afghanistan , the question of whether the United States needs the contractors is n't even an issue . The issue , rather , is how well the government is managing this massive support force called up in the immediate aftermath of the war in Iraq . In its interim report released this month , the Commission found that "  neither the military nor the federal civilian acquisition workforces have expanded to keep pace with recent years ' enormous growth in the number and value of contingency contracts . " The report also said , "  the government still lacks clear standards and policy on inherently governmental functions . The decision has immediate salience given the decisions to use contractors in armed-security and life-support tasks for military units . " One of the biggest nightmares for legislators is that the force that has grown into such a critical modern-day military support structure was for a long time operating in a legal gray zone with no clear avenue of justice should something unsavory occur . That has led to some tough work for both prosecutors and the FBI , as they take on the task of investigating allegations of wrongdoing by contractors overseas . Doug Brooks , head of the IPOA , an industry-friendly voluntary organization made up of 62 companies , spends much of his time doing outreach and making sure member companies measure up to the internal standards . "  We have the power to kick people out of the association , " Brooks said , but that 's about where it ends . They ca n't prosecute anyone . But to say that there has been no progress on the legal front would n't be fair . Legislation has been passed that essentially holds contractors accountable for their actions under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act , but with everything in this business , there was a hang-up with that , too . The legislation was written to cover contractors working in support of the Department of Defense , but there are even more contractors working in support of the State Department and other U.S. agencies . The Special Inspector General for Iraq , Stuart W. Bowen Jr. produced a report in February titled Hard Lessons : The Iraq Reconstruction Experience . He then testified before Congress that "  the United States government was unprepared and ill-equipped to mount a major contingency relief and reconstruction program in Iraq in 2003 . For the last six years we have been on a steep learning curve . " He also told members of Congress that the United States relies too heavily on the hired help , testifying that "  outsourcing management to contractors should be limited because it complicates lines of authority in contingency reconstruction operations . " Something that retired Lt. Gen. Richard Sanchez would undoubtedly agree with . Sanchez , who led the U.S. military operation in the early days of the Iraq war , has launched an information campaign aimed at bringing more accountability to the debate . He 's even called for a truth commission to investigate policies regarding the interrogation of detainees . Guess what . Contractors were involved in that scandal , too . As for Blackwater , scandal , or the suspicion of it , played a significant role in its downturn . Plagued by lawsuits and federal investigations , the company now called Xe is a shell of what Blackwater was five years ago . Most of Prince 's top executives are gone , budgets have been dramatically curtailed and the company has largely returned to its roots , as a training facility for law enforcement and special forces . Is Blackwater 's fate a sign that things are sour in the industry ? Hardly . As IPOA 's Brooks puts it , they 're here to stay , its about time we made it work . "  I think the other conclusion that companies have come to is that we 're going to be working with the private sector . Nobody wants soldiers to go back to flipping eggs , guarding gates , that kind of thing . "	Blackwater , now Xe , has garnered unwanted attention over the past few years Though kicked out of Iraq , Xe does a great deal of business in Afghanistan Bottom line : U.S. relies heavily on private military contractors The issue is how well U.S. government manages this support force
In recent weeks , Google Glass has been distributed to its first group of beta testers outside Google and in the real world . As the pool of new smart-glass wearers grows , they are feeling out the etiquette of using the new technology . In more jaded settings , people wearing Glass are casually ignored ; their recent life choice to wear a piece of computing hardware wrapped around the front of their faces does n't register as unusual . The reactions increase , though , the farther away they go from the safety zones of the Google campus , Silicon Valley and , last week , the Moscone Center in downtown San Francisco , where the Google I/O Developers conference was being held . The first reaction from strangers is usually excitement . When the doors opened on a crowded hotel elevator , Google I/O attendee Juan Pablo Risso heard a cry of "  He has Google Glass ! Come in ! Come in ! " Risso declined and took the next lift down , only to find the excited guests waiting for him in the lobby , ready with questions . Google Maps to get big , personal redesign Because it is still so new and somewhat rare , Google Glass is an excellent conversation starter . When not being accosted by curious strangers , wearers can use the eyewear to break the ice . A friend of Risso 's had luck wearing his to a bar and meeting new people . After the regular barrage of questions  How does it work ? Are you using it now ?  many strangers ask to try on the $ 1,500 piece of hardware . The answer is typically no , and some owners will cite Google 's terms prohibiting the lending of Google Glass as an excuse . Sometimes , the conversations are behind the wearer 's back , and they 're not always "  Oohs " and "  Ahhs . " Glass owners reported hearing people whisper after they passed by . But snickers and sneering are common with any new , really expensive technology . The cost of the devices makes them an easy target ; wearing them is still interpreted as a geeky status symbol . "  I think there 's definitely a Glass and Glass-not thing , especially in San Francisco . There 's a cachet to it , " said Greg Roberts , founder of dSky9 , a company developing a Google Glass app for remembering people and places . Google says you 'll know when Glass is sketchy After the initial shock of seeing Glass in the wild wears off , there are the new and awkward aspects of conversation with someone wearing the tiny screen . When having a casual chat with someone wearing Glass , it can take effort to not stare directly at the shiny gadget instead of into the person 's eyes . The finger gesture that people use to dismiss the notifications can be distracting , as can the flash of light on the Glass itself . "  There 's definitely an interesting occurrence when the screen lights up with a notification , " Roberts said . "  I 've asked people , ` did you just take a picture ? ' " It 's difficult for the other person to actually see what 's on the screen , but the first question has , in fact , become one of paranoia . Google + : One Google tool to bind them all Risso dismisses privacy worries , pointing out that his battery would die after just three minutes of video recording anyway . Roberts says people should be a more concerned about government surveillance cameras , which he considers less obvious than a person standing in front of you saying , "  OK , Glass , take a picture . " Just to be polite , some Glass wearers have started pushing the devices up onto their heads like sunglasses when having conversations . After the shock and paranoia subside , there is the annoyance . Can a person really be engaged in a conversation if there are e-mails in the corner of their eye ? Advocates for the technology argue that having a screen within eye 's reach could actually improve manners in the digital age . People are already habitually checking smartphones that beep and flash regularly with notifications . Instead of reaching for a phone , which can absorb a person 's full attention , Glass brings the notifications directly into the line of sight . The camera feature could help fix the problem of people experiencing big moments , such as concerts or a child 's birthday party , through their smartphone screens . Instead of taking out a phone , they can keep their eyes on the scene and take a picture at the same time . "  You 're just living your life ; you 're not living through a viewfinder , " Risso said .	Early Google Glass wearers are figuring out the etiquette of a face-mounted screen Many owners are constantly fielding excited or paranoid questions from strangers The flickering screen and constant head-touching can be distracting during conversations Some people have started pushing their Google Glass onto their head when talking
CNN  -- A compilation album commemorating the 50th anniversary of the human rights organization Amnesty International features some musicians you might expect : activist artists like Sting , Elvis Costello and the Dave Matthews Band . But it 's the singers you would n't expect who are causing the biggest stir : namely , Miley Cyrus and Ke $ ha . Even more surprising ? The pop princesses join 80 or so fellow musicians in offering their renditions of classic tunes by the venerable Bob Dylan . On the four-CD collection , "  Chimes of Freedom : The Songs of Bob Dylan Honoring 50 Years of Amnesty International , " Cyrus sinks her teeth into "  You 're Gon na Make Me Lonesome When You Go " from the legendary songwriter 's 1975 album , "  Blood on the Tracks . " Ke $ ha 's sparse cover of Dylan 's 1963 recording "  Do n't Think Twice , It 's All Right " has found a fan in Rage Against the Machine 's Tom Morello , who admits it 's one of his favorite cuts on the compilation . Morello himself contributes a haunting take of "  Blind Willie McTell " under his solo alter ego , the Nightwatchman . "  It 's been my dream to be on a record with Miley Cyrus and Ke $ ha , and I commend them , " the guitarist said with a hint of a smile . "  I , too , am nondenominational in my activism . If you 're down for the cause , then the Nightwatchman is down with you . " "  I think that Amnesty International believes in everything Bob Dylan stands for , " added Ziggy Marley , who puts a reggae twist to "  Blowin ' in the Wind . " "  The best way to honor what he has done is not by imitating it but translating it into your own voice . " In 1962 , Amnesty International evolved into a movement advocating freedom , justice and human dignity for people around the globe . That same year , Bob Dylan released his self-titled debut album for Columbia Records . Over the course of the next half-century , he has chronicled social issues and the human condition with an empathetic voice . "  The idea that Bob Dylan started at the same time as Amnesty International , and now we 're doing the songs of Bob Dylan for Amnesty International to celebrate their 50th year , is something that is significant in the universe , " Marley said . Even though Joe Perry has enjoyed a lengthy career with Aerosmith , he has yet to meet his fellow Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee , despite donating a bluesy version of Dylan 's "  Man of Peace " to the Amnesty project . "  He 's the enigmatic Bob Dylan , and I 've never crossed paths , " Perry confided . "  A good friend got me a signed 8x10 for my birthday . It says , ` To Joe , keep your hands on the wheel . From Bob . ' It 's one of my prized possessions . "	Amnesty International celebrated its 50th anniversary with a compilation album About 80 musicians offered their renditions of classic tunes by the venerable Bob Dylan The four CD collection is called "  Chimes of Freedom "
CNN  -- It is a problem of massive plastic proportions -- a giant floating debris field , composed mostly of bits and pieces of plastic , in the northwest Pacific Ocean , about a thousand miles off the coast of California . Researchers recover nets from the Pacific Ocean on August 3 , 2009 . It 's called the Great Pacific Garbage Patch and it covers a vast area of hundreds , maybe even thousands , of miles of open ocean . Now researchers are trying to learn more about the sea-bound trash zone and perhaps find answers to basic questions . A crew of scientists from the University of California 's Scripps Institution of Oceanography has embarked on a three-week mission aboard the research vessel New Horizon , heading for the debris field to study it . The mission is not as straightforward as it sounds . "  There may be a misapprehension ... that if you got out there and stood on the middle of a deck you 'd see nothing but plastic litter from horizon to horizon , " said Robert Knox , deputy director for research at the Scripps Institution . "  It 's relatively sparse , and you might or might not see something visible to the human eye at any particular location out there , " Knox says . "  Certainly one does encounter pieces of plastic stuff that are big enough to see . But the other side of the puzzle is all the little bits and pieces of plastic that you ca n't even see unless you scoop up a sample of seawater and see what 's in there . " "  I think it 's a little misleading to think of it as a great big island that you could practically get out and walk on , but the point is it 's a big area of ocean . So even a few pieces of plastic per square meter amounts to a lot of plastic when you add it up over this enormous ocean area . " There has been some previous research on this garbage field , but not much . It 's been very poorly studied in a scientific sense . Major questions remain : How how much stuff is there ? What size is the stuff ? Where is it distributed in the ocean , at the surface or at what depth ? What does it do to the food chain , especially the small particles of plastic that may be ingested by smaller organisms at the bottom of the food chain ? While the main focus of the Scripps mission is the impact of this plastic trash on marine life , researchers will gather information on a wide variety of issues . Here 's what scientists do know : They know the size of this zone is huge , maybe as big as Texas . And they know that all the plastic accumulated in the patch has mostly broken down into smaller bits , floating just under the water 's surface like confetti , basically a soupy mix of plastic-filled seawater that stretches for maybe thousands of miles . They know the garbage patch has been growing for many years , and scientists first became aware of the problem years ago when fisherman reported encountering widespread debris . They know there are other debris fields in other oceans of the world , but this one is the biggest . Rusty Brainard with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says this giant garbage patch , in addition to plastic , also contains huge masses of fishing nets , which destroys ecosystems around the Hawaiian Islands . But the plastic is really the toxic killer . While it slowly degrades , it turns into increasingly smaller bits of plastic . Seabirds mistake it for food and they dive down and eat it . Brainard says they find a lot of skeletons of seabirds on the Islands and "  their gut content is just filled with plastic . " Brainard says that has scientists wondering what other animals are eating this plastic . As the larger animals and marine life eat the smaller animals , this plastic eventually ends up in the human food supply , too . But even the size is of the Great Pacific Garbage Patch is uncertain . "  It 's not a hard and fast number . It 's a little bit like a whirlpool on the surface of a river or a lake . You 'd be hard-pressed to tell me where the edge is . All you know is that it 's stronger in the middle than it is in the outer reaches . But it 's an area of many hundreds of miles -- perhaps thousands -- in which the ocean currents tend to bring it together , " according to Knox . NOAA has tracked the Great Pacific Garbage Patch movement to some degree . Scientists know it moves as much as a thousand miles north and south in the Pacific seasonally . And during warmer ocean periods , known as El Nino , it drifts even further south . A kind of large , clock-wise circulation of currents driven by the wind around the Pacific ocean basin causes the plastic and other garbage to mix together in convergence zones , forming this giant trash zone and making its movements comparable to a whirlpool . Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years from trash being dumped off boats and ocean-going ships , and from trash accumulated on beaches , where it eventually washed in the Pacific Ocean and into the huge zone . This study mission may even help scientists determine whether there 's any way to clean up the Great Pacific Garbage Patch and , if so , the best way to do it . CNN 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Researchers are trying to learn the effects of the plastic and debris on wildlife Experts from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography will spend three weeks at sea Scientists say this sea-bound trash zone is largest among worldwide debris fields Researchers believe this enormous trash zone accumulated over many years
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- For the past few months , I have been trying to figure out why Mitt Romney is so unlikeable . It ca n't be because he 's rich , because there are a lot of rich people we like . Hell , President Obama 's rich and 56 % of the country views him favorably . It ca n't be because he 's Republican , because Republicans do n't like him either . Last month , when a woman reportedly asked House Speaker John Boehner , "  Can you make me love Mitt Romney ? " he said , "  No ... the American people probably are n't going to fall in love with Mitt Romney . " The latest CNN/ORC International Poll found that 48 % of Americans view him unfavorably , which is n't exactly breaking news because Romney 's been unable to get much likeability traction since announcing his first run at the White House five years ago . For a sex scandal-free politician , that 's got to be a bit perplexing . But then last week , the reason for the bad vibes about Romney became clear . You see , he 's been zipping across the country using President Obama 's "  You did n't build that " quote out of context for an analogy about a student who worked hard in school and made the honor roll . He used it again when he introduced his running mate , Paul Ryan last weekend . Frum : Romney does Obama a huge favor What the president said was : "  If you were successful , somebody along the line gave you some help . There was a great teacher somewhere in your life . Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive . Somebody invested in roads and bridges . If you 've got a business â $ " you did n't build that . " He also said , "  The point is , is that when we succeed , we succeed because of our individual initiative , but also because we do things together . " Romney spins it to make it sound as if the president is totally discrediting an individual 's hard work , summing it up this way . "  I realize that he got to school on a bus and the bus driver got him there , but I do n't give the bus driver credit for the honor roll , " he said . "  I give the kid credit for the honor roll . " Nothing 's wrong with that statement by itself . The problem is , we do n't live by ourselves . This analogy epitomizes what makes Romney so unlikeable to so many people , regardless of party , race , gender or socioeconomic status . In his mind , the world is full of bus drivers and honor roll students and the two are independent of each other , which is why he can characterize President Obama 's desire to help those less fortunate as creating a "  culture of dependence . " What rubs so many people the wrong way is Romney 's inability to see that society is interdependent . There are moments in some of Romney 's speeches in which he comes across like the guy who does n't wave when you let him into traffic , because in his mind , he was able to merge on his own . Few people ever like that guy ... and this is why less than 50 % of Americans like Romney . Opinion : Is Paul Ryan for or against Ayn Rand ? Growing up , I rode the bus to school . We only had one car and both my parents had to work . So if it was n't for the bus I would have had to attend the neighborhood schools that were within walking distance as opposed to the special schools for high academic achievers that were an hour 's ride away . I worked hard to get accepted into the programs . I worked to stay there . But I would not have been able to do any of those things if it were n't for the bus drivers who made sure I got to school safe and on time . When you genuinely live life through a prism of gratitude , you do n't use analogies that minimize the impact others have on your life . When you live life through that prism , you do n't see voters and delegates , you do n't see the budget as just a bunch of numbers you have to make work . You see the lives . Romney does n't irk us because he was born into privilege . He irks us because he behaves as if being born into privilege had nothing to do with his success . His wife , Ann , was supposed to make her husband more appealing . It did n't work . Now the question is : Can Paul Ryan make Mitt likeable ? I doubt it . When men like Ryan or Obama or Vice President Joe Biden roll their sleeves up to talk to blue collar voters , it feels real because it 's coming from a real place inside . When Romney rolls his sleeves up , it 's clear he 's trying to send a message -- because his sense of entitlement and social disconnect prevents him from being the message . That does n't mean people wo n't vote for him in November . It 's just that they wo n't be doing so because they like him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Polls show Americans favorable on Obama , not favorable on Romney He says Romney 's unpopularity stems from his sense of entitlement , disregard for others He says Romney fails to realize that part of our strength is our dependence on each other Granderson : Romney 's likeability problem does n't mean people wo n't vote for his ticket
More than five years after he resigned in disgrace over a prostitution scandal , former New York Gov. Eliot Spitzer and Silda Wall Spitzer are splitting up . "  We regret that our marital relationship has come to an end , and we have agreed not to make any other public statement on this subject , " Spitzer spokeswoman Lisa Linden said in a statement released on behalf of the couple Tuesday . Linden would n't comment on whether they had filed for divorce or were still in the process of divorcing . On the campaign trail over the summer during his failed bid for New York City comptroller , Eliot Spitzer shot down rumors that he and his wife had separated . But Silda Wall Spitzer , who famously stood by her husband in the aftermath of the 2008 prostitution scandal , was n't seen hitting the trail in his bid for a political comeback this year . "  I think it 's fair to say that I 'm running for office , no other member of my family is running for office , and I think the public 's going to judge me , not who else is with me or not with me , " Eliot Spitzer told reporters in July . He lost his bid for comptroller in September 's Democratic primary .	"  We regret that our marital relationship has come to an end , " they say Eliot Spitzer resigned as New York 's governor over a prostitution scandal Silda Wall Spitzer famously stood by her husband during the 2008 scandal
CNN  -- Elena Bonner , the wife of late Soviet dissident Andrei Sakharov who gained worldwide acclaim after smuggling her husband 's writings out of exile , died Saturday in Boston , her daughter said in a statement . She was 88 . Bonner 's ashes are be interred at a Moscow cemetery next to her late husband 's remains , said her daughter , Tatiana Yankelevich . Bonner 's life revolved around the political struggles that characterized the Soviet Union in the 20th century . She joined forces with Sakharov in the early 1970 's . Bonner was born in 1923 in Turkmenistan into a family of prominent Communist Party officials , according to a biography posted on Harvard University 's website . Her father was killed in Stalin 's purges during the "  Great Terror " of the late 1930s , and her mother was interned in a gulag for 10 years . Bonner was twice wounded during World War II while serving as a nurse for the Soviet military . She became a physician after the war . She married Sakharov , known for his work on the development of the atomic bomb for the Soviet Union , in 1972 , according to the Andrei Sakharov Foundation website . Following his work on the atomic bomb , Sakharov began publishing writings critical of Soviet politics . Bonner followed Sakharov into exile in Gorky , in western Russia , in 1980 . She was permitted to take trips to Moscow , which enabled her to smuggle Sakharov 's critical writings on the Soviet Union out of exile . Bonner was convicted of "  anti-Soviet agitation " in 1984 for smuggling Sakharov 's writings and lost her travel privileges to Moscow . She was confined to Gorky with her husband . Mikhail Gorbachev ended Bonner and Sakharov 's exile in 1986 by inviting them to return to Moscow , according to the Andrei Sakharov Foundation . Bonner , a founding member of the Moscow Helsinki Group in 1976 , received the Rafto Prize in 1991 for her promotion of human rights in the former Soviet Union and contemporary Russia , according to the foundation . She moved to the United States to be with her daughter after Sakharov 's death in 1989 . She published at least four books on her life as a dissident , according to the Harvard website . "  It is with great sadness that I heard " of Bonner 's passing , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said in a statement , describing her as a human rights activist and author . "  She stood side by side with her husband in the fight for political freedom , democracy and human rights in the former Soviet Union , and all over the world . I want to pay tribute to the courage she showed in standing up for fundamental freedoms and human dignity that people worldwide demand . "	European Commission president pays tribute to Bonner 's "  courage " Bonner 's father , a prominent Communist , had been purged in dictator Joseph Stalin 's "  Great Terror " Her mother spent years in a gulag Mikhail Gorbachev personally ended Bonner and Sakharov 's exile
CNN  -- A series of cities are in the grip of soaring temperatures this weekend . From Phoenix , to Las Vegas , to Death Valley in California , which set a world-record high a century ago . Death Valley was the hottest spot Saturday , reaching 127 degrees , and Arizona and Nevada continued in a record-setting heat wave that is forecast to last through Tuesday . The heat may have led to the death of a man in his 80s in Las Vegas , where the temperature Saturday hit 115 degrees , tying a record set in 1994 , the National Weather Service said . Paramedics found the man dead in his home , which did not have air conditioning , said Las Vegas Fire & Rescue spokesman Tim Szymanski . He died of cardiac arrest and the heat may have contributed to his death , although the coroner will make the final determination , he said . The heatwave comes just a couple weeks before the 100th anniversary of what the National Weather Service calls the "  highest reliably recorded air temperature on Earth " -- 134 degrees on July 10 , 1913 , in Death Valley 's Greenland Ranch . At Furnace Creek , the heat will stay on full blast through Tuesday , at least . At night , the mercury will drop to a relatively cool 96 degrees . "  We have more work than we can handle , " said Max Ghaly of Cathedral City Air Conditioning and Heating in Palm Springs , California . "  We 're running all over the place trying to do what we can . " The only time the technicians can have some cold air , Ghaly told CNN , is when they 're driving . Fun aside , the heat wave scorching the Southwest is dangerous , as 170 concertgoers found out Friday evening in Las Vegas , according to the fire department . Ambulances plucked them out of 110-degree heat in an open-air music venue and drove them to a shady spot , where they could sit down and drink water . Another 30 people were treated for heat ailments in local hospitals . Heat hurts your insides too "  I 'm not worried as much about the people who have lived here a while , " said Sgt. Troy Stirling , police spokesman in the Lake Havasu , Arizona , near the California state line . "  It 's more the tourists coming into the area , even from Southern California , who are n't used to this kind of heat . " A man driving from northern Nevada to southern Arizona stopped at a Las Vegas highway exit Saturday after his car 's air conditioning unit broke and he drove for several hours without it , Szymanski said . He stopped at the exit to call 911 , and when paramedics arrived , they found the man suffering from heat stroke . Civic and emergency officials throughout the Southwest say that if there was ever a time to worry , this would be it . The reason is n't just the oppressive heat that is plaguing the region : It 's the fact it is expected to hang around , and possibly even get worse , over the next few days . Extended heat warnings The National Weather Service issued an excessive heat warning for large parts of California , Nevada and Arizona , and a heat advisory for other parts of Nevada . Many of the excessive heat warnings extend through Tuesday night . Starting Wednesday , temperatures will drop by a couple of degrees , moving closer to normal temperatures . "  It 'll still be hot , but not as intense as we 're seeing now , " said Chris Stachelski , a meteorologist with the National Weather Service in Las Vegas . Forecasters say temperatures through the weekend could rival a 2005 heat wave that killed 17 people in the Las Vegas area . The culprit is a high pressure dome that 's blocking cooler air coming down from the Pacific Northwest , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . That system wo n't begin to break up until early next week , she said . As a result , Phoenix residents saw a high of 119 degrees on Saturday -- setting a new record for the day . Temperatures should max out at 113 in the coming days in Palm Springs , California . It 's not like sunset will provide much respite , as temperatures may not drop below 90 degrees in many places , even in the middle of the night . Some heat wave advice "  The No. 1 thing is to absolutely know your limitations and to stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water , " Stachelski advises those coping with the high temperatures . He recommends limiting time outdoors . For those who have to do any strenuous activity outside , he advises doing it in the early morning , evening or simply putting it off until the end of the week when the temperatures are lower . Such high temperatures can put people at risk for heat exhaustion or heat stroke , which can be fatal . The elderly , infants , children and people with chronic medical conditions are the most prone to heat stress . Heat exhaustion is the body 's response to an excessive loss of water and salt , usually through excessive sweating , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Symptoms of heat exhaustion include extreme weakness or fatigue , dizziness , nausea and fast and shallow breathing . Heat stroke is even more serious and happens when the body becomes unable to cool down , the CDC says . It can cause death or permanent disability if untreated . Heat stroke symptoms include hallucinations , chills , confusion and dizziness , along with slurred speech . To protect against heat stress , the CDC advises spending time in air-conditioned places , staying informed of heat warning and drinking lots of fluids . CNN 's Joe Sutton , Michael Martinez and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : The heat may have contributed to the death of a Las Vegas man 134 was "  highest reliably recorded air temperature on Earth " on July 10 , 1913 Excessive heat warnings extend from northern California to Arizona and beyond The temperature reaches 127 in Death Valley on Saturday
CNN  -- UPS has identified two pilots killed in a plane crash in the United Arab Emirates on Friday . Capt. Doug Lampe of Louisville , Kentucky , and First Officer Matthew Bell of Sanford , Florida , were en route to Cologne , Germany , when the plane crashed near Dubai International Airport shortly after takeoff . "  This is a terrible tragedy , and all of us at UPS extend our deepest sympathies to the families and friends of both of these crew members , " UPS CEO Scott Davis said in a written statement . "  Our thoughts and prayers will continue to be with them during this difficult time . " Lampe , 48 , had been with UPS since 1995 , the company said . Bell , 38 , had been with UPS since 2006 . Both crew members flew out of UPS 's Anchorage , Alaska pilot base , the company said . See the first pictures of Dubai plane crash site The cause of the crash remains unclear . UPS says the 747-400 aircraft underwent a major inspection in June 2010 . The National Transportation Safety Board is dispatching an aviation investigation team to assist the General Civil Aviation Authority of the United Arab Emirates in the crash investigation , according to the statement . The GCAA will take the lead on the investigation .	The plane crashes near Dubai International Airport shortly after takeoff The cause of the crash remains unclear A UAE aviation authority will lead the investigation
Banda Aceh , Indonesia  CNN  -- Fitrie Ani was three months pregnant when she heard neighbors in her corner of Banda Aceh screaming : "  The sea is rising ! The sea is rising ! " A wall of water twice as high as a house engulfed communities like Ani 's around the Indian Ocean , from Indonesia to East Africa , the day after Christmas 2004 , leaving some 200,000 people dead or missing in 12 countries in a tsunami that the U.S. Geological Survey says caused more casualties than any other in recorded history . I first met Ani in the chaotic aftermath in Banda Aceh and watched as she returned to the ruins of her home for the first time since the catastrophe . It was a pitiful scene . Her home , and every building around it , had been ravaged down to their foundations by the roaring waves . Ani sifted through the rubble , lifting a torn garment that belonged to her grandmother . The dress had been snagged on a piece of masonry , but the elderly lady it belonged to was n't able to hold on . Ani 's grandmother , husband and eight other relatives were sucked out to sea . None of their bodies were ever identified . Ani was also unable to fight the swirling vortex of water . She was carried on the currents far out to sea , where she drifted semi-conscious for more than ten hours . Did you survive the tsunami ? Did you lose a loved one ? Share your thoughts on the 5th anniversary on CNN iReport Fishermen in a passing boat saved her life when they plucked her out of water filled with debris . Five years on , her neighborhood has been rebuilt , with homes made of wood and concrete , but little inside . The roads , bridges and mosques are better than you would find in an average Indonesian town . The baby she was carrying in her womb the last time we met is now a healthy four-and-a-half-year-old boy named Zahri . He is a child of the tsunami -- carried on the killer waves that spared him and his mother but took so many others . "  People were surprised seeing me pregnant without any wound , " said Ani , who was convinced her baby would be affected . "  I swallowed a lot of that black , warm and stinky seawater . I thought the baby might get hurt from the water . When I checked , the baby was fine . I do n't know how ; it 's God 's will . " She said after his birth , others asked her : "  How come this tsunami baby is perfectly fine ? " Ani 's new house is not perfect : It is little more than a wooden shack built with aid money . She has remarried and has another boy with her second husband , who is a soldier . Like thousands of people here and others in countries where the tsunami struck , they have tried to rebuild their shattered lives as best they can . "  I feel sad when I remember what happened to me , it 's painful , " she said . "  My kid was born without a father , other kids have both their parents . I was all alone . I did n't have a house , I went back to the refugee camp instead . I did n't get any help , no milk , no diaper . " But Ani said she also felt blessed . "  I was lucky to survive , people said that this baby had brought me luck . "	CNN 's Dan Rivers revisits Banda Aceh , Indonesia , to visit a survivor of the 2004 Asian tsunami Fitrie Ani , who was three months pregnant , lost her husband and nine other relatives Five years on the neighborhood has been rebuilt along with roads , bridges and mosques On CNN International : "  Tsunami 5 "  all times GMT  December 26 : 1430 , 2030 December 27 : 0930 December 28 : 1330 , 1730
CNN  -- It is possible more U.S. troops could be added in Afghanistan if the new U.S. commander there needs them , but Defense Secretary Robert Gates said he does not expect a significant increase . U.S. Marines sweep for bombs in Afghanistan this week . During a visit to troops at Fort Drum , New York , on Thursday , Gates said he is waiting to hear what Gen. Stanley McChrystal recommends after he completes a review of operations in Afghanistan . McChrystal is expected to complete a classified report for Gates by the end of this month , assessing where the war stands , and what needs to be done . He will tell Gates whether he needs more U.S. troops to fight the escalating conflict , according to a senior U.S. military official . Gates asked McChrystal to "  state his requirements for resources , " said the official -- who did not want to be identified because the report is not completed . The review is also expected to recommend that the number of Afghan troops be increased beyond the goal of 134,000 , other military sources said . During a speech and question-and-answer session with troops at Fort Drum , Gates acknowledged he would consider a recommendation to boost U.S. troops beyond the level of 68,000 already approved . "  We 'll see what Gen. McChrystal recommends , " he said . "  But I think there will not be a significant increase in troop levels in Afghanistan beyond the 68,000 , at least probably through the end of the year . Maybe some increase , but not a lot . " Gates has made clear in the past he is reluctant to approve additional major increases in troop levels , preferring to keep the U.S. at a lower profile in the nation . About 57,000 U.S. troops are in Afghanistan , with the other 11,000 to arrive by the end of this year . Gates has said he wants to see if that level of troops would be sufficient . Gates ' press secretary , Geoff Morrell , told CNN the Fort Drum comments "  are not necessarily a foreshadowing of what 's to come . " He said Gates "  does n't want to impose an artificial troop cap on the commander , " but does want to see if the strategy can be carried out with the approved troop levels .	Defense secretary would consider it if U.S. commander says he needs more Gen. Stanley McChrystal preparing review of operation for Gates Still , Secretary Gates said , any amount over 68,000 approved would not be much Wants low U.S. profile in Afghanistan , chance to see if 68,000 is enough
CNN  -- Apparently , reality star Snooki is not just too pretty for jail , she is too pretty for court . Nicole Polizzi , also known as Snooki on MTV 's reality show "  Jersey Shore , " did not attend a court hearing in New Jersey on Wednesday . Her lawyer , Ray Raya , appeared on her behalf , to enter a "  not guilty " plea on a disorderly conduct charge , according to a Seaside Heights Municipal Court spokesman . The 22-year-old was arrested in late July on the beaches of Seaside Heights , New Jersey . She will not serve jail time , but faces potential fines ranging from $ 250 to $ 1,000 . She is expected to attend her next hearing , set for September 8 , the court spokesman said . Polizzi told MTV News that jail is not the place for someone as attractive as she is . "  I 'm too pretty to be in jail . I 'm a good person . I 'm not a criminal and I will never go back there , " the "  Jersey Shore " star said . She said she realizes she may have had too many drinks , but that it 's nothing to get crazy over . "  I do n't know why people take it so seriously , " Polizzi said . "  I had a couple cocktails , and they just put me in a drunk tank to sober me up . " The arrest of the TV star even caught the attention of Arizona Sen. John McCain . McCain jokingly brought up the arrest during a recent visit to Phoenix radio station KMLE Country 108 . "  I have a question for you that I thought about on the way over : Should Snooki go to jail ? Or -- a question for our listeners -- is Snooki too good-looking to go to jail ? " McCain asked . "  This has given a whole new meaning to our justice system , and I 'm kind of leaning towards Snooki being too good-looking . "	"  Jersey Shore " star did not attend Wednesday 's hearing A court official expects her to appear in court on September 8 She says she is too pretty for jail
CNN  -- FIFA have announced the seedings for Friday 's 2010 World Cup finals draw in a statement on their official web site . Hosts South Africa take their place in Pot One with the seven top placed sides in the world rankings as of October , these being Brazil , Spain , Holland , current holders Italy , Germany , Argentina and England . A new formula to decide the seedings has been implemented for the first time which sees teams selected on rankings places alone , rather than basing the decisions on rankings and previous tournament performances . Under the previous formula France , who qualified in controversial fashion with a playoff victory over the Republic of Ireland , would have been seeded instead of Holland . Had November 's rankings been used France could have been seeded instead of England , FIFA 's general secretary Jerome Valcke told the British Press Association this would have been unfair . "  We made the decision last month that the October rankings would be used because they were fairer , " said Valcke . "  Countries who had been involved in the play-offs would have had an unfair advantages because they would have played more games and that affects their rankings . " Portugal , semi-finalists in 2006 , join France and the other European qualifiers in Pot Four . As always geographical criteria is taken into consideration with the draw , meaning each group will contain a maximum of two European teams but no two teams from the remaining confederations can be drawn together . Pots for Friday 's World Cup draw : Pot One  Seeds  : South Africa , Brazil , Spain , Holland , Italy , Germany , Argentina , England . Pot Two  Asia , Oceania and North/Central America  : Japan , South Korea , North Korea , Australia , New Zealand , USA , Mexico , Honduras . Pot 3  Africa and South America  : Ivory Coast , Ghana , Cameroon , Nigeria , Algeria , Paraguay , Chile , Uruguay . Pot 4  Europe  : France , Portugal , Slovenia , Switzerland , Greece , Serbia , Denmark , Slovakia .	FIFA announce seedings for Friday 's 2010 World Cup draw Hosts South Africa are in Pot One with current holders Italy France miss out on the seedings , based on October world rankings
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- A Yemeni freighter has become the latest commercial vessel to be attacked in the pirate-plagued Gulf of Aden , a Kenyan maritime official said Tuesday . A French frigate shadows a commercial ship leaving Djibouti harbor on its way to the Gulf of Aden . The last contact with the ship was late last week , and it was unclear exactly when the hijacking took place , said Andrew Mwangura , the head of Kenya Seafarers Association . No further details about the ship , its crew or cargo were immediately available , said Mwangura , whose organization keeps tabs on the welfare of sailors captured by the pirates . Dozens of ships have been attacked in the Gulf of Aden by pirates based in largely lawless Somalia in recent months . This has led to calls from commercial ship owners for a military blockade along the coast of Somalia to intercept pirate vessels heading out to sea . Peter Swift , managing director of the International Association of Independent Tanker Owners , said stronger naval action -- including aerial and aviation support -- is necessary to battle rampant piracy in the region . Watch more about the growing piracy problem " At present , warships from a number of countries patrol an international maritime corridor , escorting some merchant ships and responding to distress calls in the area . But the navies involved say it is virtually impossible to patrol the vast sea around the gulf . Meanwhile , a spokesman for pirates holding a Saudi supertanker loaded with crude oil has told the BBC they have not set any ransom figure . He said the group has only spoken to intermediaries of the vessel 's owners but he described them as untrustworthy . The pirate identified himself using only one name , Daybad , when he spoke late Monday to the BBC . Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15 in their most audacious hijacking to date . The vessel is carrying two million barrels of crude oil worth about $ 100 million . Elsewhere , the head of U.S. military operations in Africa has said he does not have any evidence that Somali pirates are connected to al Qaeda . The Africom chief , Army Gen. William "  Kip " Ward , told The Associated Press Tuesday that the chaos off Somalia 's high seas is a reflection of the country 's political chaos . Asked about alleged connections between pirates and al Qaeda , he said : "  I think that 's a concern that we all would have . " But he added that he does n't have "  any evidence that pirates have links to al Qaeda . "	Last contact with the Yemeni freighter was late last week Dozens of ships have been attacked by pirates in the Gulf of Aden Report : No ransom figure yet for hijacked Saudi supertanker Pirates seized the Sirius Star on November 15
CNN  -- An "  unusual " uptick in the size and scale of Russian aircraft flying throughout European airspace in recent days has raised alarm bells for NATO officials that come amid other provocations already rattling the West . Multiple groups of Russian military bomber and tanker aircraft , flying under the guise of military maneuvers , were detected and monitored over sections of the Baltic Sea , North Sea and Black Sea on Tuesday and Wednesday . Those flights represented an "  unusual level of air activity over European airspace , " according to a press release from NATO . Adding to the concern -- none of the Russian aircraft filed customary flight plans or maintained radio contact with civilian aviation authorities or used any of their onboard transponders . "  This poses a potential risk to civil aviation as civilian air traffic control can not detect these aircraft or ensure there is no interference with civilian air traffic , " NATO said in its release . That concern was echoed by a U.S. official speaking with CNN who noted that none of any recent interactions between U.S. and Russian aircraft have proved problematic to this point . NATO said that in a 24-hour period ending late Wednesday , there were more than 19 instances of Russian aircraft in European airspace . According to NATO , Norwegian F-16s were scrambled and intercepted eight Russian aircraft flying over the North Sea . While some of the aircraft turned back toward Russia , two Tu-95 Bear H Russian bombers continued their flight , and were identified and intercepted by F-16s from Portugal . British fighters were also scrambled in response as the two Russian planes continued their flight westward over the Atlantic Ocean . NATO said the two Russian planes subsequently resumed a flight path back toward Russia but said those two planes were still airborne at the time of the press release . April : Dutch fighter jets intercept 2 Russian bombers in their airspace A NATO official tells CNN the alliance believes the recent flights are a possible prelude to unannounced Russian air exercises . But while officials have noted a near-constant pattern of Russian military flights throughout NATO airspace over the past weeks , officials observed there has been little provocative behavior -- like buzzing or rollovers -- by Russian pilots in their encounters with NATO aircraft . The latest incidents also come at a time when international calls for Russia to de-escalate some of its actions beyond its borders do not appear to be taking hold . September : Russian planes intercepted near U.S. , Canadian airspace Russia 's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine , along with plans to recognize a controversial election by the rebels next month are likely to keep the sanctions by the EU and the United States in place against Russia for the time being . And a reported hack of an unclassified computer network used by the White House and is believed to have originated from Russia according to two U.S. officials with knowledge of the breach . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Pamela Brown and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO : More than 19 instances of Russian aircraft in European airspace in 24 hours Groups of Russian aircraft detected over areas of Baltic , North , Black seas NATO : "  Unusual level of air activity over European airspace " NATO official tells CNN the recent flights could be possible prelude to Russian air exercises
CNN  -- Roger Federer is undoubtedly the greatest men 's tennis players of the modern era -- if not of all time -- following his epic victory over Andy Roddick in Sunday 's Wimbledon final . Reaching for the stars : Roger Federer ithe best tennis player the world has ever seen . His star had waned somewhat in the past year , losing his No. 1 world ranking to Rafael Nadal , but his breakthrough victory at the French Open last month saw him match Pete Sampras with 14 titles at major tournaments . With the injured Nadal absent at SW19 , Federer rolled back time to march relentlessly into the final against Roddick , dropping just one set along the way as he reminded fans of the form that saw him top the rankings for a record 237 weeks . Then on Sunday , Federer overtook Sampras ' mark with 15 grand slams -- with the American in attendance to view his record finally go . Federer still has some way to go before beating Sampras ' all-time record of 286 weeks at the summit , but at the age of 27 he has plenty of time to take back his crown from Nadal , especially with the Spaniard 's career seeming in the balance due to his chronic knee problems . The Swiss is already the ATP Tour 's all-time earner , with more than $ 48 million in prize money . He holds the record for most money earned in one season , $ 10 million in 2007 , and is also second on the list for his $ 8 million the year before . Sampras , in comparison , is second on the earnings list with $ 43 million up until his retirement in 2002 after a 14-year career . He won 64 ATP Tour titles , compared to Federer 's 59 , but both are a long way behind the record 109 achieved by Jimmy Connors , with Ivan Lendl next on 94 and John McEnroe third with 77 . When it comes to Grand Slams , Sampras won 14 finals and lost four . Including Sunday , Federer has reached the most , appearing in 20 . Lendl , who held the world record for 270 weeks at No. 1 before being usurped by Sampras , appeared in 19 finals but could only win eight . The great Bjorn Borg , who shares the record for most successive titles at Wimbledon with Federer -- who completed his quintet in 2007 - won 11 of his 16 Grand Slam finals . None of those illustrious names have been able to surpass the efforts of Australian legend Rod Laver , who is the only men 's player to have won all four Grand Slams twice in the same year . He did it first as an amateur in 1962 , and then again in the 1969 when he became the first -- and only -- player to achieve the feat in the open era . Federer became the first player to reach seven consecutive Wimbledon finals with his 50th win at the All England Club in his semi-final victory against Tommy Haas on Friday , but still trails Sampras ' record of seven titles at SW19 . His bid for a record sixth successive crown was thwarted in an epic final showdown last year with Nadal , who has transformed himself from a clay-court specialist into a fearsome all-round talent . Federer , by contrast , has taken a long time to adapt to clay . He did not reach the semi-finals at Roland Garros until his seventh appearance in Paris , then was beaten in the final by Nadal for the next three years . His triumph this year came after the Olympic champion suffered a surprise early exit , although he had earlier ended Nadal 's 33-match winning streak on clay in the Madrid Open final . The anxiously-anticipated Paris win made him just the sixth player to complete the set of major titles , the third in the modern era and the first since Andre Agassi -- who added the final piece in his jigsaw with victory at the 1999 French Open . Federer shares the Open-era record for most U.S. Open victories with Sampras and Connors , having clinched his fifth crown in 2008 when he beat young pretender Andy Murray in the final . He has always been generous in his praise of Sampras , who never won at Roland Garros but triumphed twice at the Australian Open and holds the record for winning eight successive Grand Slam finals . Sampras : Federer is the greatest . "  I think his success here at Wimbledon is amazing , " Federer has said of Sampras . "  Winning it three times , coming back , winning it four more times and going for five , it 's quite something . "  And he finished off with the U.S. Open victory , which was very special against his biggest rival Andre Agassi . I think that 's what I 'll remember most of him . "  I guess he had the best serve we 've seen in tennis history , even though today we also have some good ones . He was also a smooth mover which he never really got credit for . There 's many things that Pete did incredibly well . " Federer 's career has been no less incredible , but he has claimed that he started out with no such lofty ambitions . "  I 'm very proud of all the records I 've achieved because I never thought I would be that successful as a kid , " he said . "  I would have been happy winning a couple of tournaments and maybe collecting Wimbledon . "	Roger Federer has reached 20 Grand Slam finals the most by any male player The Swiss spent a record 237 consecutive weeks at top of the world rankings He shares record of five successive victories at Wimbledon with Bjorn Borg He has equal most U.S. Open titles , with Pete Sampras and Jimmy Connors
CNN  -- The iPod classic , a venerable stalwart in the world of consumer technology , may be getting the axe along with its cousin , the iPod shuffle , according to a blog that focuses on Apple news . Citing an unnamed source , The Unofficial Apple Weblog is reporting that , in addition to unveiling the iPhone 5 next week , Apple plans to discontinue the more dated versions of its music player in favor of sleeker models like the iPod Nano and iPod Touch . The blog notes that Apple teased a "  product transition " during its most recent earnings report . Saying only that the source is not an analyst , TUAW says the rumor makes sense . "  The classic is a holdover from 10 years of iPod existence , bearing many similarities to the original iPod , " wrote blog editor Victor Agreda , Jr. "  The shuffle is basically the same form factor as the nano , minus a screen . " He writes that the blog had been "  sitting on a tip " about the discontinuation and only wrote about it after speculation popped up on other sites . A groundbreaking device in personal tech , credited with reinvigorating Apple a decade ago , the iPod line now accounts for just about 7 percent of Apple 's overall revenues . The iPhone and iPad , which offer music and video streaming along with lots of other features , have in some way trumped the iPod 's usefulness . Last year , Apple made what then-CEO Steve Jobs called "  the biggest change in the iPod lineup ever . " But amid big changes to the Touch , Nano and Shuffle , there was no mention at all of the classic iPod , leading many to speculate that the end may be near .	Report : Apple will discontinue iPod classic and shuffle The Unofficial Apple Weblog says a source confirmed the plan Last year , every iPod got a big update except for the classic model
CNN  -- The candidate who will face Afghan President Hamid Karzai in a runoff election next month has said he will not join Karzai 's government if the incumbent wins another term , but instead will remain in opposition . Abdullah Abdullah , who served as foreign minister in Karzai 's government until quitting nearly four years ago , said he would congratulate Karzai if he "  is elected through a transparent and credible process . " "  My trust in becoming a candidate was not to be part of the same government , part of the same deteriorating situation , " told CNN 's John King in an interview taped for broadcast on Sunday 's "  State of the Union . " "  Mine was for a change in this country . Mine was for bringing hopes for the people of this country , and making the people of Afghanistan true participants in their politics , in the governance , in the developmental process , in the security situation and as a whole . " Abdullah and others charged massive fraud in the August 20 vote . The initial results gave Karzai the win , but a subsequent review by a U.N.-backed panel of election monitors threw out nearly one-third of Karzai 's votes because of "  clear and convincing evidence of fraud . " The result left Karzai short of the 50 percent need to avoid a runoff . After a flurry of meetings with U.S. and U.N. officials , the Afghan president agreed to the November 7 vote . In a separate CNN interview to be broadcast Sunday on "  Fareed Zakaria GPS , " Karzai insisted that while there were "  mistakes " and "  some incidents of fraud " in the election , "  the election as a whole was clean . " Abdullah rejected that notion . "  To call this as clean elections , I think this , with all due respect to Mr. Karzai , it 's a bit of ignorance , " he told King , adding that "  unfortunately , the government was involved . " "  Yes , it was a step forward that the people of Afghanistan participated in the elections , " he said . "  One chapter is behind us , " he said . "  It led to the runoff . And we need to get it corrected in order to open the door for the new chapter . So denying it is not a solution . Rather admitting it and correcting it , that will be responsible leadership . " Karzai said the second round of voting must take place or else "  we would be insulting democracy . " But he also said he had decided after agreeing to the runoff that "  all that was said  about fraud in the election  was mostly wrong . " "  There were some mistakes . There were some instances of fraud , but the nation as a whole was clean and the result was clear . I decided for peace , for stability and for the future of democracy in Afghanistan and for the future of institutional order in Afghanistan to call for a runoff , " he said . The Taliban called for a boycott Saturday of Afghanistan 's upcoming presidential run-off election and repeated threats to disrupt the vote . "  The Islamic Emirate is once again warning all the compatriots to not participate in that American fraud process , and like the first round , they have to listen to their consciences , " said a Taliban statement . It said the Taliban is ready to "  collapse " the electoral process and any participant who gets hurt will only have themselves to blame . Meanwhile , in Washington , U.S. President Barack Obama 's special representative to Pakistan and Afghanistan , Richard Holbrooke , said that the election process had worked as it was supposed to . "  From the beginning ... I said publicly that this election would be imperfect , " Holbrooke said . "  I said it on the record . And there were many irregularities . But in the end , the process worked , and I want to stress that . The Election Complaints Commission declared that neither candidate got 50 percent , although one came very close , and that the top two candidates were President Karzai and Dr. Abdullah and they should have a runoff . " Holbrooke added that it was "  reasonable to hope " for fewer irregularities in a runoff . CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Thomas Evans contributed to this report .	Runoff against Hamid Karzai will take place November 7 Abdullah and others claimed massive fraud in August 20 vote Abdullah once served as foreign minister in Karzai 's government
CNN  -- Some athletes respond to a proverbial kick up the backside , but Rory McIlroy seems to have found inspiration from the prick of a cactus thorn . The Northern Irishman canceled a humanitarian trip to Haiti to play in this week 's Texas Open , hoping to rediscover his form ahead of next week 's Masters . The two-time major winner added San Antonio to his Augusta buildup after registering just one top-10 finish since signing a lucrative deal with Nike in January which could be worth as much as $ 250 million , and losing the top ranking to Tiger Woods . While Thursday 's first-round 72 left him five strokes off the lead , McIlroy roared back with a five-under-par 67 that left him two off the halfway pace . The world No. 2 had a mixed opening few holes , and he dropped his second shot of Friday 's second round following a close encounter with a flower of the desert on the ninth fairway . "  I should n't have been there anyways , so I guess it was deserved , getting a -- whatever it was -- off the cactus , " McIlroy said on the PGA Tour website . The 23-year-old responded with a birdie at 11 , and three more at the last three holes to end the day tied for fifth and in sight of pacesetter Billy Horschel . "  I definitely feel like I made the right decision to come here , and even if I had n't been in this position and have been a few shots back I 'd still feel the same way , " McIlroy said . "  I have n't really been in contention this year . So it will be nice to get into the mix . " While his shotmaking has been erratic at times , McIlroy 's long game is in fine shape . He managed to get to the green in two at the par-five eighth and 18th -- the latter after a 325-yard tee shot -- though he missed eagle putts at both . "  I think that shows where my game is , " McIlroy said . "  Those two par-fives are probably the toughest to hit in two with how small the greens are . It shows that my ball-striking is there . If I can keep hitting shots like that into par-fives , I 'll be doing OK . " McIlroy tied for 45th at last week 's Houston Open , where Horschel was joint second behind D.A. Points . The American closed with two birdies to sign for a 68 and take a handy lead over compatriots Daniel Summerhays  69  and Charley Hoffman  67  as well as Australia 's Steven Bowditch  69  . Two-time major winner John Daly missed the halfway cut by one shot after following up his 76 with 70 , finishing birdie-bogey-birdie .	Rory McIlroy 's form improves after an encounter with a cactus at the Texas Open The former world No. 1 cards five-under 67 to be two shots off the lead He is hoping to improve his form ahead of next week 's Masters at Augusta American Billy Horschel leads PGA Tour event after finishing with two birdies
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish security forces barricaded the commercial center of Istanbul in an attempt to stop May Day celebrations from taking place in the city 's iconic Taksim Square . Police fired plastic pellets and used tear gas and water cannon in an attempt to disperse May Day demonstrators who tried to defy the ban and reach the city center . Protesters responded by throwing stones and bottles and shooting fireworks at riot police . Similar clashes erupted in the Turkish capital Ankara and the port city of Izmir . Turkish authorities went to great lengths to prevent people from gathering in Istanbul , Turkey 's largest city . Citing security threats by extremist groups , the government shut Istanbul 's subway system , stopped many commercial ferry services between the European and Asian halves of the city , and blocked vehicular traffic on some of Istanbul 's busiest roads . "  Intelligence units have received information that illegal terrorist organizations and their extensions are going to resort to violence against security forces . This situation would create circumstances that would not only disrupt public order and security but also seriously threaten the rights and freedoms of our citizens , " the Istanbul governor 's office announced in a written statement released Wednesday night . The governor 's office also justified the ban , arguing that May Day rallies would hurt Istanbul 's image as a tourist destination . "  Taksim Square and the surrounding area are not suitable for high attendance gatherings and demonstrations , " the governor 's office wrote . "  In Taksim vehicular and pedestrian traffic is intense and the area has great tourism potential with 24/7 tourist hotels , so negative developments in this area would negatively impact the country economy , tourism potential and the marketing image of our country . " But the shut-down of the city center left many foreign tourists bewildered , as police turned them away from barricades . Some visitors could be seen dragging suitcases through empty and barricaded streets in a confused search for hotels . "  Closed , " a police officer said , turning away an elderly European couple trying to enter Taksim Square . The sprawling pedestrian area was all but deserted throughout the day on Thursday , with the exception of security forces , a handful of journalists , and wandering flocks of pigeons . For decades , May Day , or International Workers Day , has been a day of tension between leftist Turkish labor unions and security forces . Taksim Square holds particular importance to leftist parties , because dozens of people were killed there in a May 1 , 1977 rally in which gunfire triggered a deadly stampede . In 2011 and 2012 , the ruling Justice and Development Party allowed leftist groups to rally in Taksim for the first time in decades . The gatherings were festive and peaceful , decorated with giant posters of those who died in 1977 . But in 2013 , the government banned the annual rally , sparking a day of violence that has spiraled into the most politically turbulent year of anti-government protests Turkey has seen in more than a decade . Turkey 's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in power since his party first won parliamentary elections in 2002 . He frequently denounces his critics , accusing them of being terrorists bent on overthrowing his government . His supporters argue Turkey has grown more democratic during the Erdogan era . They point to his party 's sweeping victory in local elections last March , when Justice and Development Party candidates won at least 43 % of the national vote . "  We have moved away from a state that saw its citizens as a threat , " said Deputy Prime Minister Besir Atalay in a speech earlier this week . But many human rights groups and press freedoms organizations argue the Erdogan government has grown increasingly intolerant of public displays of dissent in recent years . This week , the U.S.-based human rights organization Freedom House downgraded classification of Turkey from "  Partly Free " to "  Not free . " "  Constitutional guarantees of freedom of the press and expression are only partially upheld in practice , undermined by restrictive provisions in the criminal code and the Anti-Terrorism Act , " Freedom House said . They also said , "  Turkey remained the world 's leading jailer of journalists in 2013 . "	Turkish authorities went to great lengths to prevent public gatherings in Istanbul They used tear gas and water cannon to disperse demonstrators who defied ban A ban last year led to a year of anti-government violence and demonstrations
Paris  CNN  -- Investigators trying to determine why an Air France plane crashed mysteriously two years ago have recovered the complete contents of the flight data recorder and the last two hours of cockpit conversation , they announced Monday . It will take several weeks to analyze the data , French air accident experts said . All 228 people aboard Air France 447 were killed when the Airbus A330 belly-flopped into the ocean June 1 , 2009 , in stormy weather . The cause of the crash is still not known . Discovering that there was data on the recorders "  is excellent news . It is really going to help us work out what happened on that plane , " said Martine Del Bono , spokeswoman for France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  . Q&A : Will the mystery of Flight 447 be solved ? The cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder were found at the beginning of May after an unprecedented series of submarine searches of a mountain range 3,900 meters  12,700 feet  under the ocean . They were brought to the surface and taken to Paris by ship and plane . The investigators also recovered two bodies from the fuselage -- after finding only about 50 bodies in the days immediately after the crash . They will not bring more bodies up from the ocean if they can not identify the two they already have , they said Thursday . Those two bodies are being examined to see if there is enough DNA to identify them , investigators said , adding that they hope to have results by Wednesday . If they can identify the remains , they will consider bringing up other bodies from the wreckage . The bulk of the plane was located earlier this year and contains many more human remains , according to investigators . Recovering more bodies will be a difficult task , with miles of cable required to bring each one up over a period of three hours , they said . Investigators also brought an engine and an avionics bay containing computers to the surface , they said . The pilots of Air France 447 lost contact with air traffic controllers on June 1 , 2009 , while flying across an area of the Atlantic known for severe turbulence , officials said . But exactly what caused the plane to plunge into the ocean remains a mystery . The plane slammed into the water while en route from Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , to Paris , falling so fast that air masks did not have time to deploy . The fuselage was discovered in April with bodies still inside , investigators said . Some relatives of those who died have expressed reservations about remains being brought to the surface . Last month Robert Soulas , head of a support group for families of flight victims , said : "  For me , personally I would like to leave the bodies of my children , my two children , on the seabed . " Other relatives have called for the bodies to be recovered . CNN 's Ayesha Durgahee , Catherine Clifford and Niki Cook contributed to this report .	NEW : Discovering there is data on the recorders is "  excellent news , " investigators say All the information on the flight data recorder is recovered , as are cockpit conversations The data recorders were pulled up from the bottom of the Atlantic nearly two years after the crash Air France 447 went down in June 2009 , killing all 228 people aboard
CNN  -- If it 's cold outside and you have electricity , consider yourself lucky . Thousands of people in the Northern United States and southeastern Canada have endured at least four days without power because of ice-related outages . And for some , the heat might not come back on until this weekend , utility companies said . More than 127,000 customers were without power in below-freezing temperatures Friday in parts of Michigan and northern New England and the Canadian provinces of Ontario , Quebec and New Brunswick . The winter weather has also turned deadly . At least 24 people have died in weather-related incidents since Saturday . Nineteen of those deaths were in the United States ; the majority died of carbon monoxide poisoning , emergency management officials said . Carbon monoxide poisoning often occurs when people run generators inside their homes . Another five people died in Canada from carbon monoxide poisoning , including three in Quebec and two in Toronto , officials said . The frigid weather will spread across the United States this weekend , with temperatures expected to fall 10 to 15 degrees below normal in the Midwest on Saturday . On Sunday , the chill will move into the Plains . Snow may hit New England on Sunday or Monday . In areas near Toronto , where officials said the storm was one of the worst to hit the city , more than 32,000 were without power Friday . While that 's down from 300,000 at the peak , utility officials there declined to estimate when the last outages would be fixed . Toronto Mayor Rob Ford said his biggest concern now is the possibility of high winds in the evening . "  It 's taking long because we have n't seen a storm like this in our history , " Toronto Hydro spokeswoman Tanya Bruckmueller told CBC News . "  The amount of damage to both our equipment due to the trees coming down is slowing us down , as well as this morning we 've got snow coming , which is much heavier on the branches and is now covering a lot of what we need to be repairing . " Toronto resident Vic Baniuk told CBC on Thursday his family has n't had power for five days , and they were using a fireplace and a cast-iron stove to stay warm . "  We 're sitting in the dark and cold , and I feel that everybody has ignored us , " he told CBC . A tree branch pierced his roof , making a bad situation worse . "  This is not an inconvenience . This is an emergency , a disaster , " Baniuk said . The temperature in Toronto is n't expected to rise above freezing until Saturday , with a forecast high of 3 degrees Celsius  about 37 degrees Fahrenheit  . Another 5,800 people were without power Thursday elsewhere in southern Ontario ; 19,000 had no electricity in New Brunswick , and another 2,200 still had outages in Quebec province , utility companies said . Power to the people Power crews were working around the clock and called in reinforcements from other states to help them wrangle electric lines back into place . In Michigan , ice could finally start melting Saturday when temperatures could reach the high 30s or lower 40s . But Michigan power company Consumers Energy warned the thaw could cause more outages by allowing tree branches to snap and crash into power lines . Consumers Energy said it expected to have most outages fixed by the end of Saturday . About 330 customers had no power in parts of Vermont on Friday morning . Roughly 12,500 people still were without electricity in Maine . With no power in her Litchfield , Maine , home on Wednesday afternoon , Mary Beth King cooked her family 's Christmas dinner -- seafood chowder -- on an outdoor grill , CNN affiliate WGME-TV in Portland reported . Friends and family find shelter But many of those who lost power found generosity and new friends after turning to shelters to stay warm . More than 200 people took refuge Thursday in Red Cross shelters in Michigan and Maine , according to the group 's online shelter tracker . Bonnie Libby told CNN affiliate WOOD-TV in Grand Rapids , Michigan , that after living with shelter mates for three days , she now describes them as "  friends and family . " The outage was a cure for loneliness on Christmas Day for Larry Sutherland . If not for it , he said , "  I would be spending it alone , and my Christmas dinner would be a microwave meal . " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas , Stephanie Gallman , Kevin Conlon , Carma Hassan and Matt Daniel contributed to this report .	At least 24 people have died in the U.S. and Canada since Saturday Many of the deaths were caused by carbon monoxide poisoning , officials said At least 127,000 people have lost power in Michigan , New England and Canada Rising temperatures are forecast in Michigan but could cause more power outages
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico  CNN  -- Search operations resumed Monday for six U.S. citizens missing since their small plane crashed Sunday evening off the north coast of Puerto Rico . The U.S. Coast Guard found debris late Sunday night in the area where the single-engine Cessna 206 went down , half a nautical mile from the shoreline of the city of Quebradillas . But despite five searches Sunday and two others throughout the night , rescue crews were not able to find the pilot or the five passengers from the plane , the Coast Guard said Monday . Three searches are planned for Monday , said Coast Guard spokesman Ricardo Castrodad . The private plane , chartered by Tropical Aviation Corp. , took off from the Dominican Republic and was on its way to an airport in Puerto Rico when it went down Sunday evening , officials said . Three male and two female passengers were returning to Puerto Rico after spending the weekend in the Dominican Republic , said Noemi Corporan , service manager for Tropical Aviation Corp. . The passengers were San Juan residents and had flown to the Dominican Republic on Friday , she said . Four HH-65 Dolphin helicopters from Coast Guard Air Station Borinquen and the Coast Guard Cutter Matinicus are taking part in the search , said spokesman Castrodad . The airplane took off from Casa de Campo International Airport in the Dominican Republic and was supposed to land at the Luis Muñoz Marin International Airport in Carolina to clear U.S. Customs before going on to the Isla Grande Airport in San Juan , the Coast Guard said . A 911 emergency operator notified the Coast Guard at 6:51 p.m. Sunday that an aircraft had crashed into the waters off Quebradillas . The debris field was found around 10:30 p.m.	NEW : Three searches are planned for Monday , according to Coast Guard Coast Guard found debris that might come from downed Cessna Rescue crews have yet to find Americans despite seven searches The pilot and five passengers took off from the Dominican Republic
Activists presented a petition Tuesday to the United Nations Human Rights Council calling on Pakistan to free a Christian mother of five from being put to death on the charge of blasphemy . A Pakistani court Asia Bibi guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed during a 2009 argument with Muslim fellow field workers . The offense is punishable by death or life imprisonment , according to Pakistan 's penal code , and Bibi was sentenced to hang . But an investigation by a Pakistani government ministry found the charges stemmed from religious and personal enmity and recommended Bibi 's release . The petition was signed by 50 activists including a former Czech foreign minister , the president of the U.N. General Assembly , a survivor of Tiananmen Square and a women 's rights advocate from Mali . "  With Pakistan now running for a seat on the U.N. Human Rights Council , the government should make an important gesture by releasing Asia Bibi , and repealing its blasphemy law , which is inconsistent with basic human rights , " said Hillel Neuer , director of U.N. Watch , a Geneva-based human rights group that organized the petition . However , Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has said that the government will not change the country 's controversial blasphemy laws . Liberal politician Salman Taseer , then governor of Punjab , who led a campaign to end the law , was assassinated in January 2011 . Taseer said the blasphemy laws were being misused to persecute religious minorities and had called for Bibi 's release . Bibi writes about her ordeal in a recently published book called "  Get Me Out of Here . " It includes a letter she wrote to her family urging them to have faith in God . "  My children , " she wrote , "  do n't lose courage or faith in Jesus Christ . "	The petition calling for the release of Asia Bibi was signed by 50 activists She was sentenced to death for defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed A probe found the charges stemmed from religious and personal enmity The petition urges an end to Pakistan 's blasphemy laws
CNN  -- Spain striker Fernando Torres may not be fit for the start of the World Cup , according to his English club Liverpool . The forward scored 18 goals in 22 games in the Premier League before his season was cut short by a knee injury . Torres had surgery to repair a torn cartilage in April and is now racing to be fit for Spain 's opening game at the finals with Switzerland on June 16 . Peter Brukner , Head of Sports Medicine and Sports Science at Liverpool , says the 26-year-old may not have recovered in time to launch his country 's charge for the trophy . He told Liverpool 's official Web site : "  You ca n't be absolutely certain of anything but at this stage , if he continues to progress the way he is , he should be fit to play at some stage during the World Cup . "  Whether he 'll be fit for the first game or not is uncertain . We 're anxious not to hurry him along too much because we want the long-term benefit , but we 're aware he 's got the short-term goal of playing in the World Cup . " Meanwhile , Germany coach Joachim Loew has been dealt a double blow ahead of the World Cup after goalkeeper Rene Adler and midfielder Simon Rolfes were ruled out of the tournament through injury . Adler has been told he needs surgery on a rib injury , aggravated while playing for his club Bayer Leverkusen during their weekend German Bundesliga draw with Hertha Berlin . He has been the country 's number one since Robert Enke committed suicide in November 2009 , and has nine caps to his name . "  This was the hardest decision of my life , " Adler told the German Football Association 's Web site . "  The pain is so great that I would not have been able to perform at my best over the longer term both in training and during matches . "  In such a long and intensive tournament , that is unacceptable . You need players who are totally fit . " Rolfes , who also plays for Leverkusen , has been out of action since an operation on a knee injury back in January and will not be adding to his 21 caps at the finals in South Africa . He said : "  I am very pleased with the healing process but it is now definitively clear that the World Cup finals for me make no sense . "  My plan is now to look to start the new Bundesliga season fully fit . Missing out on the World Cup is not easy . It only remains for me now to wish the team every success in South Africa . " Meanwhile , striker Ruud van Nistelrooy has been left out of Holland 's provisional World Cup squad , but coach Bert Van Marwijk says it does n't necessarily spell the end of his World Cup dream . The 33-year-old former Manchester United and Real Madrid forward is currently playing for Hamburg in the Bundesliga . "  As for Ruud , I 'm giving myself until May 11 to decide , " Van Marwijk was quoted as saying in a story on FIFA 's Web site . "  I 'm leaving him until that date to convince me that he is sufficiently in shape to take part in the World Cup . "	Spain striker Fernando Torres may not be fit for start of World Cup Germany goalkeeper Rene Adler to miss tournament due to a rib injury Midfielder Simon Rolfes also ruled out with a knee injury Striker Ruud van Nistelrooy told he can still make Dutch squad for finals
The national controversy over a surge of Central American immigrants illegally crossing the U.S. border established a new battleground this week in a Southern California small town where angry crowds thwarted detained migrants from entering their community . In a faceoff Tuesday with three buses carrying the migrants behind screened-off windows , the demonstrators chanted "  Go back home ! " and "  USA " and successfully forced the coaches to leave Murrieta , CNN affiliate KFMB reported . The buses instead took the 140 or so undocumented immigrants to U.S. processing centers at least 80 miles away , in the San Diego and El Centro areas , federal officials say . Counter-protesters squared off with the demonstrators , and a shouting match erupted over the nation 's immigration system , which recently has been overwhelmed with a tide of Central American minors illegally entering the United States alone or with other children . A mix of poverty , violence and smugglers ' false promises is prompting the Central American inflow . Unlike undocumented Mexican migrants , who are often immediately deported , the U.S. government detains and processes the Central Americans , who are eventually released and given a month to report to immigration offices . Many never show up and join the nation 's 11 million undocumented population , says the National Border Patrol Council , the union representing Border Patrol agents . The Latin American immigrants rejected by Murrieta protesters were initially held in Texas , where U.S. facilities are so overflowing that detainees are sent to other states for processing . The government does n't have the room to shelter the children with adults : there 's only one family immigration detention center , in Pennsylvania . To assist the unaccompanied children , President Barack Obama 's administration opened shelters last month on three military bases because federal facilities more designed for adults were overrun with minors . Tuesday 's busloads of detained Central American immigrants did n't include any unaccompanied minors , said Murrieta Police Chief Sean Hadden , who put the number of protesters at 125 . The children on the buses were apparently in the company of relatives or other adults , said an official with the National Border Patrol Council . ` Deport ! Deport ! ' The protesters , who shouted "  Impeach Obama ! " and "  Deport ! Deport ! " confronted the buses a day after the town posted a notice on its website : "  Murrieta Opposes Illegal Immigrant Arrival . " "  This is a failure to enforce federal law at the federal level , " Mayor Alan Long said in a statement Monday about the pending arrival of the 140 immigrants to the U.S. Border Patrol station . "  Murrieta continues to object to the transfer of illegal immigrants to the local border patrol office . " Long spoke to CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " later Wednesday . "  It 's not against the immigrants , " he said . "  They 're trying to leave a less desirable place and come to the greatest nation in the world . We ca n't blame them for that ... No one 's protesting that . What we 're protesting is the product of a broken system that finally reached the doorstep of our community . " Long said that neither side in the national debate is coming up with a solution : "  The problem still is there . The problem is in Washington , D.C. " The local controversy was to continue with a town hall meeting scheduled for 6:30 p.m PT Wednesday . The U.S. government is scheduled to send another group of undocumented immigrants to Murrieta for processing on Friday , the union official for Border Patrol agents said . Chief Hadden also said he was told to expect 140 immigrants every 72 hours , with the next group scheduled to arrive on Friday , the Fourth of July . Earlier Wednesday , immigration rights advocates denounced the protesters . "  It is deplorable that people espousing anti-immigrant hate language created unnecessary tension and fear for immigrant mothers and their children , " Pedro Rios , a community representative of the San Diego Immigrant Rights Consortium , said in a statement . "  Even more concerning is that elected officials in the City of Murrieta instigated this tension . Mothers and their children on these buses have suffered through enough trauma . " At a Murrieta City Council meeting Tuesday night , Long seemed more conciliatory than his statement posted a day earlier on the city 's website . Long thanked police and others . "  Please remember these are human beings that are fleeing the violence in their home countries , " Long said . "  The problem is that they need to come into this country the legal way . " Journey from Texas The U.S. government earlier flew the 140 Central American immigrants from south Texas to San Diego . Federal agents were busing them to Murrieta for processing at the Border Patrol station when the standoff took place Tuesday , CNN affiliates reported . After the buses turned around , the 140 immigrants were taken to the U.S. Border Patrol 's San Ysidro station in San Diego , said Ron Zermeno of the National Border Patrol Council On Wednesday , Zermeno told CNN that at least 136 immigrants were fed and screened . Among the group , 10 children were taken to local hospitals , though it 's unclear why , Zermeno said . Seven more children were diagnosed with active scabies , an itchy and highly contagious skin disease . Those children are being kept separate from the others at the San Ysidro station , he said . Seventeen of the immigrants were taken to the Boulevard station in eastern San Diego County , Zermeno said . The U.S. government is struggling to detain and accommodate an influx of undocumented immigrants , particularly a wave of unaccompanied children from the Central American countries of El Salvador , Guatemala and Honduras . The U.S. government does n't have enough beds , food or sanitary facilities . Authorities estimate 60,000 to 80,000 children without parents will cross the border this year in what the White House has called an "  immediate humanitarian crisis . " To help relieve crowded facilities in Texas , undocumented immigrants are now being sent elsewhere to be processed . But Zermeno contended that processing immigrants , rather than enforcing the borders , is only making the situation worse . "  My concern is they are going to be eating in the same holding cells as someone sitting five feet away using the bathroom , " he said . Intense debate The furor in Murrieta illustrated the conflict between protecting the borders and ensuring the safety of detained immigrants and children . Protester Ellen Meeks said the country 's identity has eroded with an influx of undocumented immigrants . "  I just wish America would be America again because it 's not , and it 's not just pointed to the Hispanics , " Meeks said . "  Everybody needs to go through the legal ways . " Other protesters told CNN affiliate KGTV said they wanted immigrants to follow the legal process to enter the United States . "  Everybody that wants to come to this nation is entitled to , but they should come the right way , " Bob Cuccio told the news outlet . "  You bring in all these children and they 're going to take over our schools , " Bel Reeves added . "  What 's going to happen to the kids that were born and raised here ? " But immigration rights advocate Enrique Morones likened the migration to a refugee crisis and suggested racial antipathy was motivating protesters . "  If these children were from Canada , we would not be having this interview , " Morones said . "  The parents have had enough . They are saying , ` If I do n't send my child north , they are going to die . ' " Last month , the Obama administration unveiled a plan to spend almost $ 100 million in aid to Guatemala , Honduras and El Salvador to help reintegrate the undocumented migrants whom the United States will deport , and to help keep them in their home countries . The administration also will set aside $ 161.5 million this year for the Central American Regional Security Initiative  CARSI  programs in an effort to "  help stem migration flows as well as address the root cause of the migration , " the White House said . The Obama administration has accused syndicates in Latin America of waging a deliberate campaign of misinformation about relocating to the United States that has caused people in poor Central American countries and Mexico to risk their lives to cross the U.S. border illegally . Obama to take executive action on immigration Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight Crossroads of hope and fear : Stories from a desert bus station	"  The problem still is there . The problem is in Washington , D.C. , " says Murrieta mayor Immigrant rights advocate denounces "  anti-immigrant hate language " 140 undocumented Central American immigrants arrive in California from Texas Protesters block them from being processed at the Murrieta Border Patrol station
CNN  -- Russian lawmakers could move to ban Americans from adopting children from the country -- which is one of the top sources of international adoptions to the United States . A bill to block adoption to the United States passed the State Duma , Russia 's lower house of parliament , on its first reading last week and it will be considered again Wednesday for a crucial second reading , according to Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency . This could affect hundreds of American families seeking to adopt Russian children . From 1999 to 2011 , 45,112 adoptions to the United States came from Russia , second to only China , according to the U.S. State Department statistics . However , the number of adoptions from Russia has waned in recent years after a peak in 2005 . United Russia , the majority party in the parliament backs the adoption ban , political leaders told Russian media . This move by Russian politicians is widely seen as retaliation to a recent law U.S. President Barack Obama signed on December 14 , called the Magnitsky Act . This imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia . The act is named after a Russian lawyer , Sergei Magnitsky who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country 's history in form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . After Magnitsky died in a Moscow detention center in 2009 , his name became the basis of Washington 's list of Russian officials who were involved in the tax fraud and in the deceased lawyer 's detention . Russian leaders have criticized the passage of the Magnitsky Act and wrote new legislation that would impose restrictions that include banning U.S. citizens who 've violated Russians ' rights , freezing their assets and ending adoptions to the United States . "  It is prohibited to transfer children who are citizens of the Russian Federation , for adoption to the citizens of the United States , and to conduct in the Russian Federation activities of organizations for the purpose of selection and placement of children who are citizens of the Russian Federation , for adoption to the citizens of the United States of America wishing to adopt these children , " the bill states . If the bill passes , it would nullify a pre-existing agreement between the United States and Russia , in which the countries agreed to additional safeguards to protect children and parties involved in intercountry adoptions . Backers of the bill say American adoptive parents have been abusive , citing 19 deaths of Russian children by their adoptive parents since the 1990s , according to local media . In 2010 , an American woman sent her adopted son back to Russia , claiming that the then-7-year-old boy had violent episodes that made the family fear for its safety . Fareed Zakaria contributed to this report .	Russia lawmakers consider a ban of Russian children adoptions to the U.S. In recent decade , adoptions from Russia came second to China Russian leaders are critical of new U.S. law that penalizes officials tied to lawyer 's death
San Angelo , Texas  CNN  -- A Texas judge warned Warren Jeffs against calling "  for the jury 's destruction " shortly after the polygamous sect leader said Friday during his sexual assault trial that those who prosecuted his church would face "  sickness and death . " The comments that precipitated the warning to Jeffs , who has been granted the right to represent himself , occurred around midday after Judge Barbara Walther had sent the jury out of the San Angelo courtroom . "  I , the Lord God of heaven , ask the courts to cease the prosecution of my holy ways , " Jeffs said . "  There will be a judgment against all those who prosecute the church . ... I shall let all people know of your unjust ways . I will bring sickness and death . Let this cease . " Walther then told him that "  if you call for the jury 's destruction " while the jury -- who will decide if Jeffs is guilty on two counts of sexual assault on a child -- is present , "  you will be removed from the courtroom . " The defendant responded by saying , "  I am not threatening . I am releasing a message . " The exchange was one of several contentious ones Friday , when the one-man defense team ended his self-imposed silence by repeatedly interrupting prosecutors and launching into a diatribe on religious freedom . Jeffs ' trial stems from a 2008 raid on a ranch near Eldorado , Texas , run by his church , the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints . This trial addresses the two sexual assault counts , while Jeffs is expected to be tried later on a related bigamy charge . Several people took the stand Friday , including a doctor who conducted DNA tests on one of Jeffs ' alleged sexual assault victims and her baby ; a Texas child protective services agent who took part in the raid ; and an FBI agent who took various items from the ranch . Representing himself , Jeffs interrupted when FBI agent Jeff Broadway began to describe what he found on a computer seized in the raid . Broadway said the computer contained lists of people living at the ranch , including their names , ages and birthdays . Jeffs then spent about an hour objecting to Broadway 's testimony on the grounds that it violated religious freedom , claiming the FBI agents "  touched upon what we find sacred to salvation . " "  This must stop , in a land ... where we maintain the constitutional right of religious freedom , " he said . "  We are not a fly-by-night religious organization that just appeared within your borders . Mockery must cease . This is sacred to us , and must remain sacred . " But prosecutors responded that Jeffs ' First Amendment arguments were not valid in this case . Over frequent interruptions by Jeffs -- including more than six in a row -- they argued that freedom of religion does not extend to polygamy or infringing on a child 's rights . The judge later advised Jeffs to seek counsel from his former attorney . Ruby Gutierrez of the Texas Department of Families and Protective Services , who was one of those who took custody of the children after the raid , testified that the 12-year-old girl whom Jeffs alleged sexually assaulted resembled Pippi Longstocking with her red hair and freckles . Jeffs objected to the girl 's picture being shown in court , and argued that her name should not be released . A Texas Ranger who was part of the raid , Don Williams , described to jurors how he went into the compound 's temple . Jeffs interrupted him on numerous occasions , calling his testimony "  an intrusion , a desecration of sacredness . " "  I 'm requesting true justice and protection of religion , " the defendant said . Jeffs had voiced similar views Thursday , when he argued that he felt no counsel could adequately represent him in order for "  true justice to be served . " After warning him of the challenges of representing himself , Walther granted Jeffs ' request to effectively fire his attorneys . But the judge declined to push back the opening arguments , which were scheduled for later that afternoon . Prosecutor Eric Nichols told jurors that they would hear an audiotape documenting the sexual assault of a 12-year-old girl . He also promised to present DNA evidence proving that Jeffs fathered a baby girl with a 14-year-old girl . But when the time came for Jeffs -- who had been verbose earlier in the day -- to talk , he instead sat quiet . He remained that way , with his head down , for about a minute as jurors looked back and forth between him and the judge . Walther said she understood that , by Jeffs ' silence , he had chosen not to give a statement . Then she gave prosecutors the go-ahead to start calling witnesses . The judge previously had told jurors that she expected the trial could last two to three weeks . But that was before Jeffs won the right to represent himself . On Friday , prosecutors said that they had worked late into the night readjusting their approach and vowed to rest their case by next Tuesday . Jeffs ' breakaway sect is believed to have about 10,000 followers . Their practice of polygamy , which the mainstream Mormon Church renounced more than a century ago , is part of their doctrine . The sect 's leader , Jeffs , was on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted list when he was arrested five years ago during a routine 2006 traffic stop in Las Vegas . He was convicted in Utah of two counts of being an accomplice to rape , for using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marrying her 19-year-old cousin . Afterward , he was sentenced to two consecutive prison terms of five years to life . But in July 2010 , the Utah Supreme Court overturned his convictions , ruling that the jury instructions were erroneous . Utah Attorney General Mark Shurtleff told HLN this week that he would be open to putting Jeffs on trial again in his state . Meanwhile , the Texas legal proceedings were set off after about 400 children were taken from the sect 's Yearning for Zion ranch in 2008 . Child protection officials said they found a "  pervasive pattern " of sexual abuse on the ranch through forced marriages between underage girls and older men . But the Texas Supreme Court ruled the state had no right to remove the children . The court also said the state lacked evidence to show that the children faced imminent danger of abuse . Most of the children were returned to their families , although some men at the ranch were charged with sexual abuse . CNN 's Gary Tuchman and In Session 's Jim Kyle contributed to this report .	NEW : Warren Jeffs vows a "  judgment " against those who "  prosecute  his  church " NEW : The Texas judge warns him against calling "  for the jury 's destruction " NEW : The jury , which will decide if he 's guilty of sexual assault , is n't present at the time Representing himself , the polygamous sect leader touts religious freedom
Jerusalem  CNN  -- "  Lift the siege . " "  Stop the rockets . " The dialogue of the deaf continues after nearly three weeks of conflict and well over 700 deaths . Hamas has rejected one Egyptian proposal to silence the guns . It wants assurances that any deal includes an end to the blockade that has wrecked Gaza 's economy and impoverished its people . No , says Israel : stop firing rockets and then we 'll talk about it . Hamas is a resilient organization . Fighters of its military wing have put up stiff resistance to the Israeli ground incursion . But it has few friends in the Arab world , and the Arab street has not risen in solidarity . And this time , Israeli leaders are publicly and persistently demanding what they call the ` demilitarization ' of Gaza as the price for peace - so that Israel is spared another barrage of rockets like those that fell on its soil in 2008 and 2012 - and are again now . To that end Israel wants to ensure that Hamas can acquire neither the raw materials it needs to make thousands more rockets nor get its hands on more advanced missiles . It is also determined to eradicate the maze of tunnels that Hamas uses to support its infrastructure and infiltrate the border . Israeli military officers say they believe most if not all the tunnels have been identified -- more than 60 access shafts leading to some 31 tunnels as of Thursday . In other words the Israeli aim is a lasting change in the landscape . The U.S. and European Union have warmed to the idea . "  One of the results , one would hope , of a cease-fire would be some form of demilitarization , so that again , this does n't continue , " said U.S. Deputy National Security Advisor Tony Blinken . So how do you define ` demilitarization ? ' What sort of weapons does it include ? Who guarantees and polices it ? Is it even conceivable Hamas would give up in negotiation an arsenal it has spent years building up ? Khaled Mashal -- leader of Hamas political wing -- insisted Tuesday : "  Nobody can break the will of the resistance and no one can get rid of its weapons . Only two conditions can get rid of the weapons of the resistance -- firstly the ending of the occupation and second the demilitarization of Israel . " Obviously impossible demands , but Nathan Thrall , senior analyst with the Middle East Program of the International Crisis Group , says "  there 's no way Hamas will ever accept demilitarization in exchange for changes in Gaza . " Is there a halfway house which would provide Israel with sufficient security guarantees ? Nothing yet on the horizon . The trouble for Hamas is that its main ally , Egypt 's former President Mohamed Morsy , is now in jail . And the man who ousted him , President Abdel Fattah al Sisi , has moved to isolate Hamas , economically and militarily , by closing the smuggling tunnels into Gaza . Crudely put , he shares Israel 's view that Hamas is ruining the neighborhood . So Egypt is in the driving seat , as U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has recognized by making Cairo the first port of call in his latest shuttle . His ` phone-bashing ' has been intense -- bringing in Israel , the Palestinians , Qatar , France , the Turkish Foreign Minister and more . But one of his predecessors , Madeleine Albright , told CNN that one problem was working out "  who has any influence over Hamas in order to get them to accept a cease-fire . " For Hamas any deal must include what it calls the "  lifting of the siege " -- the blockade of Gaza that has turned it into an open prison for the last eight years . "  We will not accept any proposal that does not lift the blockade , " said Mashal . A truce in Gaza perhaps , but he would not agree to a lasting cease-fire unless blockade terms had been negotiated . At issue then , how can each side get enough to wave in front of their people as victory ? And what 's the sequence : truce , then negotiations , and only then a full cease-fire ? The whispers and hints suggest so . Hamas is wary of being trapped like it was in 2012 , when a truce was agreed but longer-term issues never resolved . Hamas is aware that above all the people of Gaza are gasping for the chance to breathe a more normal life . "  We would rather be dead than live this life . " CNN correspondents in Gaza have heard that and similar refrains time and again . The detailed terms of any opening of Gaza will probably not be agreed as part of an initial truce . There are too many questions . Who monitors the border crossing with Egypt at Rafah ? The U.N. ? The Egyptian military ? Israeli officials seem ready at least to consider a force from the Palestinian Authority , says Nathan Thrall of the ICG . And he believes that Israel "  may be moving -- albeit grudgingly -- towards accepting a reconciliation government among the Palestinians that allows Abbas ' Palestinian Authority to regain a foothold in Gaza , " not least because Egypt will only talk to Abbas . What sort of goods would be allowed in from Israel into Gaza via the Kerem Shalom crossing , which handles freight ? Israel complains that most of the cement smuggled into Gaza in recent years from Egypt  and some allowed in from Israel  has been used for Hamas tunnels -- not houses . What about the port of Gaza ? There are other issues -- including the release of Hamas supporters arrested in the West Bank since the abduction and murder of three Israeli teenagers last month and the ability of farmers to tend land along the fringes of Gaza . Fishing rights of Palestinians in Gaza would also likely be discussed . Some in the Israeli Defense Forces have expressed surprise at the scale and intensity of the resistance they have met and the extent of the tunnel network , dubbed by one Israeli official as "  Lower Gaza . " Rather than prod the Israeli government towards a cease-fire , the resistance may make it more determined to degrade Hamas ' capabilities for a while longer . Sisi has no problem with that . But a deeper invasion into Gaza is fraught with peril , says Nathan Thrall . The Israelis , he notes , are just one kilometer inside Gaza and taking much heavier casualties than they did in 2008-09 . Hamas is not without friends altogether . The wealthy emirate of Qatar is close to the Muslim Brotherhood , from which Hamas sprang , and has embarked on a diplomatic drive with Turkey to bring peace and reconstruction to Gaza . But Turkey 's Prime Minister , Recep Tayyip Erdogan , has made incendiary comparisons between Israel 's conduct in Gaza and Hitler -- and described the incursion as "  systematic genocide , " ruling himself out of any role as the region 's ` honest broker . ' And Israeli ministers see Qatar as complicit in bankrolling Hamas . One long-term proposal that was floated before the latest conflict involves the international community demilitarizing Gaza in return for massive investment -- 50 billion dollars -- in the territory . It comes from a former Israeli Defense Minister , Shaul Mofaz . "  People say demilitarization is unrealistic , but the alternatives of going through this again in a year or two or capturing Gaza are unacceptable , " Mofaz told the Jerusalem Post . -LSB- Palestinian President Mahmoud -RSB- "  Abbas would be in a better position if he came into Gaza with $ 50 billion than if he was brought in on an IDF tank , " Mofaz said . He 's looking to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates to lead that process . Few believe the Palestinian Authority has the resources to administer such a Marshall Plan . Such an ambitious vision seems far away right now , almost impossible , some say . American officials say they are focused on the next days , not weeks nor months nor years . "  Right now our focus is on stopping the rocket fire so that we can begin a serious negotiation on the key issues . What we 're trying to figure out is how do we get to a point where the violence can stop and these bigger , key issues can be addressed over the long term , " said a senior U.S. official . Writing in Foreign Policy , Aaron David Miller is deeply pessimistic about the long term . "  When it comes to Gaza , " he says , "  do n't dream about demilitarization or economic miracles . In fact , forget the endgame . Right now , summoning the urgency , the right mediator , and a deal to stop the killing will be hard enough . " But that 's what the people of Gaza most desperately need -- before they can even dream of greater freedoms .	The Gaza conflict has lasted almost three weeks with over 700 deaths Israeli leaders are demanding the ` demilitarization ' of Gaza Khaled Mashal -- leader of Hamas political wing -- is against this Is there a halfway house providing Israel with security guarantees ?
CNN  -- I watched the steady hand of my first officer , Jim , advance the thrust levers of our Boeing 777 . With the assistance of 115,000 ponds of thrust from each of two GE engines , the airplane began its lumbered roll down the center line of Runway 22 Left at JFK . We accelerated toward a rotation speed of 153 knots . At rotation speed , Jim applied gentle pressure to the control yoke , lifting the nose of our 602,000-pound airplane skyward . This would be one of the most critical phases of our flight to London . The immediate threat at that moment was the possibility that one of the GE engines would fail or tear itself apart internally at the most vulnerable time , an event we 'd practiced for repeatedly on flight simulators -- an event controllable through mechanical design and good old fashioned pilot skills . As airline pilots , this is one of the many eventualities we prepare for on every trip . As a result of September 11 , we also prepare for terrorism . And now it appears that we will be adding missile evasion to the list . It is almost inconceivable that tragedy would strike the same struggling airline twice in such a short period , but the truth speaks for itself . From over 800 flights traversing Ukranian airspace during the week before the crash of Malaysia Flight 17 it was the only airplane targeted by a missile . The crews aboard the four ill-fated flights on September 11 all had one expectation at the end of their trip assignments . They would come home to their loved ones , kiss their wife or husband , pet the dog , and listen to their children talk about the day at school . This was the expectation of the crew aboard Malaysia Fight 370 last March , and the crew of Malaysia Flight 17 last week . None of these crews went to work with the expectation that they had the potential to be casualties of war , nor did their passengers . For a relatively small air carrier it is the equivalent of losing family members , an emotionally devastating event . And like most airline crews , those at Malaysia Airlines will continue to serve at their professional best despite the circumstances . They must do this while defending themselves against criticism that the airline or the pilots could have prevented the catastrophe had they taken a different route than the one through Ukranian airspace . This begins the blame game and is a typical reaction to an unimaginable event , especially an airplane crash with such large loss of life . But the fact of the matter is that the route is assigned by air traffic control , as it is by air traffic control systems all over the world . The flight crew was simply complying with that clearance . Pilots do n't have the authority to change an assigned route on their own unless an emergency takes precedence . And even in an emergency certain guidelines must be followed . As an example , on the North Atlantic track system , which defines the routes between North America and Europe , the requirement to offset from an assigned route by 15 miles in an emergency is crucial to preventing conflict with other traffic . As for the airline dispatchers , they are responsible for filing route requests that serve the airline safely , comfortably and economically . But they have to plan their flights within the confines of air traffic control guidelines and restrictions and may not have many choices in certain areas other than to select a given altitude . If the dispatcher is aware of restrictions , the requested route that he or she files will reflect that . In the case of MH17 , and with many other airlines transiting the Donetsk region of Ukraine where MH17 was downed , such safety restrictions had caused the plane to fly at a higher-than-usual altitude : 33,000 feet  Ukrainian officials had raised the minimum altitude requirement to 32,000 feet  . Lockerbie relative : Grieve MH17 through love , not revenge In the United States , airspace is blotted all over the country with restricted areas that are primarily for military use . Routes filed by civilian airplanes have to avoid these areas . Pilots do not stray into restricted airspace without air traffic control permission . Some of these areas are "  hot " continuously and others are hot only at certain times , and at certain altitudes . Yes , if it is determined that a war zone on the ground could pose a threat , an option is to use a route that circumnavigates the airspace . But the war zone overflown by MH17 was never considered a definitive threat to civilian airplanes . Threat information is only as good as the intelligence supplied by air traffic control and its cooperating governments . So how is a missile attack thwarted on an airliner ? The answer , unfortunately , is not very well . In 2003 , an event reported in the back page of the newspapers involved a DHL Airlines cargo A300 that was struck by a surface-to-air MANPAD missile just after departure from the Baghdad International Airport . Ironically , the crew was executing a rapid climb maneuver to limit their exposure to just such an occurrence . The left wing sustained serious damage . All three hydraulic systems lost pressure because of a rapid fluid leak . The loss of hydraulic fluid also meant the loss of pressure to the primary flight controls . Through the innovative piloting skills of the three-man crew , the airplane completed a successful landing by using differential power . The DHL Airbus A300 was fortunate to have encountered a missile of limited capabilities . If the reported circumstances of MH17 's crash are accurate , for an airliner to have evaded a high-speed radar-guided missile would have been beyond its maneuvering capacity . Years back , when the MANPAD  stands for man-portable air defense system  threat was becoming a major topic of discussion as the next terrorist scenario , my airline considered installation of an automatic missile warning and detection system . With FAA approval , through a company that designed such things , three of our B767 's were outfitted with the system . To use a bad pun , it never got off the ground . Cost , of course , was an issue . And from a practical standpoint , being alerted to a missile was a great tool , but an airliner 's inability to quickly maneuver away from the danger still made the outcome inevitable . And with warfare technology becoming more sophisticated and deadly , an airline missile detection system may have been outdated on the day it was installed . Ultimately the truth surrounding the fate of Malaysia Flight 17 must be determined , lest we jump to inaccurate conclusions . The destruction of Korean Airlines Flight 007 in 1983 is just such an example . Although indeed a Russian fighter jet fired upon the Boeing 747 , it was later determined that the pilots had allowed the airplane to drift into Soviet airspace by not selecting the appropriate navigational mode on the autopilot . The airspace involved was an area that U.S. airplanes ,  some of them military versions of airliners like the 707  traversed nearby to toy with the Russians . The role of professional accident investigation is to find the cause of such tragedies regardless of their origin . We can only hope that the investigation is not further impeded by extraneous situations .	Les Abend : Pilots prepare for emergencies . 9/11 added terror , MH17 added missile evasion Some say plane could have avoided region , but he says crew followed air traffic control He says pilots ca n't just change route , they follow regulations . Plane already at higher altitude Abend : Airplanes not able to dodge missiles . Such technology would be quickly obsolete
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan hailed the passage of a wide-ranging package of constitutional amendments as a "  milestone for democracy " after voters approved the measures in a Sunday referendum . In a resounding victory for Erdogan and his ruling Justice and Development Party  AKP  , voters approved the 26 amendments by a wide margin Sunday . The country 's current constitution was enacted after a military coup that took place on September 12 , 1980 , 30 years to the day before Sunday 's vote . "  Our nation has said from now on , we go forward , " Erdogan told supporters Sunday night . "  Yes to freedom . Yes to rule of law . No to the law of the rulers . The tutelage of the coup regime is over . " But with more than 96 percent of the votes counted , 58 percent of voters favored the referendum , while 42 percent were opposed , Turkey 's electoral board reported . More coverage at CNN Turk The proposed amendments include articles that would allow collective bargaining for public sector workers and affirmative action measures for women . But when asked what was the most important achievement of the reform package , a senior Erdogan adviser made it clear that the main goal was to overhaul the country 's judiciary . The proposed reforms include amendments to the judicial system , curbs on the power of military courts and an article abolishing the immunity currently enjoyed by the leaders of the 1980 coup . Other measures would guarantee gender equality and put in place measures to protect children , the elderly and the disabled . One of the amendments increases the number of judges on Turkey 's highest court from 11 to 17 . It also grants the parliament , which is controlled by Erdogan 's party , the power to appoint several judges . The senior Erdogan adviser , who who requested anonymity because he is not authorized to speak with the media , told CNN the package would "  break the caste system of the judiciary . " In his victory speech , Erdogan apologized to political rivals he insulted during a bruising and divisive campaign in the run-up to Sunday 's vote . But to thunderous applause , he announced , "  We are going to free the judiciary from an ideological abyss . " Opponents argued that the amendments would further undermine the secular foundations on which modern Turkey was established in 1923 , giving the prime minister too much power over the judiciary and making him a "  modern-day sultan . " Berhan Simsek , head of the main opposition CHP 's Istanbul branch , told CNN that by packaging the judicial changes with less controversial proposals , the AKP had "  coated a poisonous pill with chocolate . " "  This will put all the branches of government into one man 's hand , " Simsek said . "  It will be one-man rule , like Saddam Hussein , or the Fuhrer . " And Hasan Gerceker , the head of Turkey 's Supreme Court of Appeals , this week warned that the changes would politicize the judiciary . But Erdogan said the amendments would bring greater freedom and democracy . "  Can there be anything wiser and more meaningful than going from a coup constitution to the constitution of the people ? " Erdogan told CNN last week . Turkish lawmakers approved the package earlier this year , but not by the two-thirds majority necessary for the government to press ahead without a referendum . The measures have also been ratified by Turkish President Abdullah Gul , Erdogan 's AKP ally . "  People have voted for amendments that signal a desire for change to an outdated system of government , " said Asli Aydintasbas , a columnist with Turkey 's Milliyet newspaper . "  Erdogan clearly has come out of this with a solid mandate . But I do hope he now abandons the harsh rhetoric he has been using during the electoral process and reach out to secularists and the Kurds . " Sunday 's vote is the latest confrontation in a power struggle between Erdogan 's Islamist-rooted party and Turkey 's secularist establishment , which have repeatedly clashed since AKP swept to power eight years ago . The AKP narrowly avoided being banned from politics in 2008 when it was fined by the country 's constitutional court -- one of the last bastions of secular opposition -- for alleged anti-secular activities . The court has also blocked legislation to lift a ban on Islamic headscarves at public universities . "  It started out as a referendum on constitutional reform package but it quickly developed into a confrontation between the government and the opposition . So it 's really become a vote of confidence in the government , " Istanbul-based journalist Andrew Finkel told CNN . Turkey 's main Kurdish political party , the BDP , called on its supporters to boycott the vote altogether , saying their struggle for greater autonomy will continue whatever the result . "  Regardless of who wins , it wo n't stop the war , " Mustafa Avci , the Istanbul co-chairman of the BDP , told CNN . "  The referendum does not recognize the rights of Kurds . " Tensions boiled over in downtown Istanbul on Friday when Kurdish activists attacked buses and police vehicles with stones , wounding at least one bystander . Erdogan insists he will do more to defuse the decades-old simmering conflict which has claimed thousands of lives -- but only after winning the referendum . CNN 's Ivan Watson , Simon Hooper and Yesim Comert contributed to this report .	NEW : Erdogan hails passage as a "  milestone for democracy " "  Yes to the rule of law . No to the law of the rulers " Sunday vote comes on 30th anniversary of 1980 military coup Opposition argued changes would undermine Turkey 's secular foundations
CNN  -- Mathieu Flamini scored the winner nine minutes from time as a second-string AC Milan side beat third division Novara 2-1 at the San Siro on Wednesday to reach the Coppa Italia quarterfinals . Milan coach Leonardo made 11 changes to the side that won 3-0 at Juventus on Sunday with Ronaldinho , David Beckham , Andrea Pirlo and Alessandro Nesta not even included on the bench . Veteran striker Filippo Inzaghi opened the scoring on 12 minutes but in the first minute of the second period Pablo Gonzalez stunned the home fans by drawing Novara level . But French international Flamini won the match for the Rossoneri with a shot from the edge of the penalty area . Milan will now will play Udinese or Lumezzane for a place in the semifinals . Meanwhile , Juventus bounced back from their weekend humbling as an Alessandro Del Piero double , one from the penalty spot , helped them to a 3-0 victory over 10-man Napoli in Turin -- easing the pressure on under-fire coach Ciro Ferrara . Diego scored the opener as a full-strength Juve blew away Napoli 's 14-match unbeaten run under coach Walter Mazzarri , although he did rest many first team regulars . Napoli had Matteo Contini sent off for a second yellow card for a foul on Diego in the lead-up to the penalty . Catania recorded an impressive 2-1 win away to Genoa to also reach the last eight . Two goals from Gianvito Plasmati put the visitors two up before Marco Rossi pulled one back 57 minutes . But Genoa hopes of a comeback were dashed when Socratis Papastathopoulos  58  and then Rossi  59  were both sent off . Inter Milan and Roma had previously also qualified for the quarters , with the final three qualifiers to be decided on Thursday .	AC Milan and Juventus are both through to the quarterfinals of the Coppa Italia A much-changed Milan side beat third division Novara 2-1 at the San Siro thanks to Mathieu Flamini 's winner Alessandro del Piero scores twice for Juventus , who return to form with a 3-0 win over Napoli
CNN  -- A Carnival cruise ship was adrift 150 miles off the coast of Mexico after an engine room fire . Cruise passengers were complaining about the lack of air conditioning , hot cabins , cold food and toilets that would n't flush . As I watched the news broadcast , I thought it was a documentary about the Carnival Splendor , which suffered a disabling engine room fire in November 2010 off Mexico . But the story was about the Carnival Triumph , which caught fire early Sunday after sailing from Galveston , Texas , with more than 3,100 passengers . The cruise industry says cruise ship fires are rare , but they are not rare . They happen with alarming frequency . In the two years between the Splendor and the Triumph fires , more than 10 cruise ship fires were reported in the media . Several cruise ships were completely disabled , including the Costa Allegra , the Bahamas Celebration and the Ocean Star . The Azamara Quest was partially disabled and had to crawl back to port in Indonesia . The Allegra and Quest broke down in waters where pirates frequent , to add to the drama . A fire aboard the Queen Mary II was later determined to have been caused by a "  catastrophic explosion . " Other cruise ships experienced what the industry would either deny or call "  minor fires , " including the Adventure of the Seas , the Crown Princess , the MSC Musica and the Allure . But there is nothing minor about a cruise ship , filled with thousands of passengers , catching on fire on the high seas , even for a matter of seconds . I have attended seven congressional hearings since 2005 regarding issues of cruise ship passenger safety . At the last hearing , before Sen. Jay Rockefeller , cruise expert and author Ross Klein said fires broke out in 79 cruise ships from 1990 to 2011 . Most of these fires received little coverage in the U.S. press . It is a topic that the travel publications avoid and travel agents do not like to hear . Concordia disaster focuses attention on how cruise industry operates The cruise industry does a remarkable job advertising that cruising is a safe and affordable family vacation . It certainly is affordable , in large part because major cruise lines such as Carnival and Royal Caribbean are incorporated in foreign countries like Panama , the Bahamas , Bermuda and Liberia . Their ships fly the flags of foreign nations and thus avoid all U.S. federal taxes , labor laws and safety regulations . In 2011 , three-quarters of the nearly 16 million cruise bookings worldwide were made from the United States , according to the industry group Cruise Lines International Association , which represents 26 cruise lines , including the world 's largest , Carnival and Royal Caribbean . You ca n't find a cheaper vacation than spending a week on one of these "  fun ships . " But the vacation comes with a hidden price . The cruise lines are working their crew members excessively long hours and paying them extremely low wages . The Cruise Lines International Association says its "  crew members are provided wages that are competitive with international pay scales . " But a cleaner aboard a Royal Caribbean ship , for example , will work 12 hours a day , seven days a week , for as little as $ 156.25 a week with no tips . U.S. labor laws are not applicable to provide protection to crew members at sea , nor is there any real oversight of the cruise lines ' operations . The cruise industry insists that it is regulated and that the safety and security of its passengers and crew is its highest priority . Ships are subject to inspections by the countries they call on . In the United States , ships must pass initial and annual U.S. Coast Guard Marine inspections . But the Coast Guard is underfunded and understaffed and ca n't possibly conduct adequate inspections of the hundreds of cruise ships that call regularly on U.S. ports across the nation . And the ships are getting bigger and carrying more passengers every year . For example , Disney Fantasy -- whose safety is not in doubt -- is 14 decks high and more than three football fields long and can carry about 5,500 people . Cruise ships theoretically follow guidelines set forth by the International Maritime Organization and the recommendations in the Safety of Life at Sea . But the International Maritime Organization , a United Nations organization , does not have the authority to enforce its own guidelines , nor can it impose fines or criminal sanctions against cruise lines that flout Safety of Life at Sea recommendations . This obligation falls to flag states , like Panama . The result is that cruise lines are largely unregulated . They offer low-price cruise fares to get the passengers aboard and then make their profits from alcohol sales ; casino , spa and photography activities ; and shore excursions . The cruise lines operate their ships virtually 24 hours a day , seven days a week , 52 weeks a year . Cruise ships do not make money unless they are operating . The cruise lines push the ships just as hard as they push their crew members . A ship out of service for a week for routine maintenance means the loss of tens of millions of dollars and thousands of dissatisfied customers . Talk Back : How should cruise passengers be compensated ? It is in this environment that the 13-year-old Carnival Triumph was trying to sail back to Galveston . Cruise ships , like their foreign-based crew members , are treated as fungible goods . When crew members get debilitating injuries because of overwork and exhaustion , they are left in their home countries . The Triumph , sailing since 1999 , will eventually end up being sold to the European market , renamed and abandoned as well . The push to always keep the show on the road without long delays causes the same problems in investigations of passenger disappearances , shipboard crimes and gastrointestinal illnesses . These investigations are often rushed so the cruise is held up for as little time as possible . When there is a norovirus outbreak on a ship , cruise lines are faced with the prospect of disembarking hundreds of ill passengers , sanitizing the ship and then reloading several thousands of passengers on board . It is an impossible prospect to locate and kill the virus on the massive ships given the short turnaround on an embarkation day . But the business model of the cruise industry is : Strike up the band and hand out the daiquiris , the cruise must go on . It is also impossible for governmental entities such as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to conduct a thorough , painstaking epidemiology study to ascertain the type of virus and its origin . Cruise lines quickly blame the passengers for not washing their hands , but the CDC and the Food and Drug Administration concluded long ago that the most likely and common source of norovirus is contaminated food or water . Crew members say that infected workers often do not complain of their illness out of fear of not being paid or of losing their jobs . Cruise lines tell the passengers to use hand sanitizers , but the culprit may be norovirus-laden salad . Unlike the U.S. commercial aviation industry , with strict Federal Aviation Administration oversight that can ground a fleet of aircraft , the cruise industry is largely accountable to countries like Panama or the Bahamas -- which may or may not want to offend their cruise line friends in Miami . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of James Walker .	James Walker : Carnival Triumph was a rerun of Splendor , which also had engine room fire Walker : Fires are frequent on cruise ships , investigations of illness outbreaks rushed He says industry avoids U.S. labor laws , taxes , oversight by incorporating in foreign nations Cruises are cheap because crews work long hours for little pay , ships are run 24/7 , he says
EW.com  -- At a time when the budgets for sci-fi films are , like the universe itself , expanding at an astronomical rate , Riddick decides to go small . The franchise 's third entry shrinks back from the baroque , byzantine space opera of 2004 's "  The Chronicles of Riddick , " placing Vin Diesel 's interstellar criminal in a story that 's more similar in scope to the series ' first film , the smart and stylish "  Pitch Black "  2000  . Abandoned on a sere , hostile planet , the laconic antihero subsists off the meager landscape like a muscle-bound Robinson Crusoe until an ensemble of bounty hunters and soldiers  including "  Battlestar Galactica 's " Katee Sackhoff  arrive looking to put his head â $ " with those superpowered , see-in-the-dark eyes â $ " in a box . Riddick , co-written and directed by David Twohy , scavenges a variety of genres for parts , morphing over the course of its run time from survival story to slasher film  as Riddick hunts his hunters one by one  to a climactic Aliens-esque siege by slithery , slavering creatures . Twohy succeeds in staging moments both tense and funny , but they 're fewer and farther between than one would hope , and the dialogue is served up with a heaping helping of cheese , especially when delivered in Diesel 's low-frequency growl . Still , by aiming more for suspense than bombast , the modest intentions of this threequel make its failures appear more modest as well . Grade : C + See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The new film is the fourth in the series The main character is abandoned on a sere , hostile planet EW gives it grade of C +
EW.com  -- The Emmys were largely predictable yet again . "  The Daily Show , " "  Amazing Race , " Claire Danes -- we all figured those and several others would win before the 64th Annual Primetime telecast started . Still , there were several wins in key categories that prompted gasps in the backstage press room and proved prognosticators do n't always get it right : -- Giancarlo Esposito loses best supporting actor in a drama . "  Breaking Bad 's " Aaron Paul winning this award was n't really shocking -- he was certainly deserving . But Esposito 's riveting performance as Gus Fring on "  Breaking Bad " last season had many pundits thinking he had this one locked . "  I did n't prepare anything , " Paul said backstage . "  I was shaking and trying not to sob . " And Paul said of Esposito : "  I cried in his arms and said , ` It does n't make sense that I was on that stage and you were not . ' " -- "  Homeland 's " Damian Lewis wins best actor in a drama . Bryan Cranston was favored to win this category for a fourth time , with many hoping "  Mad Men 's " Jon Hamm would dethrone the king . Lewis was a dark-horse favorite for his shifty performance as a turncoat Marine in the Showtime drama . "  I still get jokes going through the airport , do you have a vest on ? " Lewis quipped backstage . -- "  Two and a Half Men 's " Jon Cryer wins for best comedy actor : Another half surprise . Cryer won an Emmy for this role in 2009 , though he was submitted in the supporting category that year . But Big Bang Theory 's Jim Parsons has won this honor the past two years . Critics were pulling for Louie 's Louis C.K. , while others thought 30 Rock 's Alec Baldwin might stage a comeback . -- "  Hatfields & McCoy 's " Kevin Costner wins best actor in a movie or miniseries . Benedict Cumberbatch mesmerizing performance in "  Sherlock " has some fans crying foul . -- "  Homeland " wins best drama . After "  Homeland " took home the Golden Globe for best drama series this year , critics thought it might be the show to dethrone "  Mad Men . " But after "  Mad Men 's " four consecutive wins for the AMC drama , crushing challenger after challenger , few were willing to bet that Emmy voters would actually check another box on this ballot category . Plus , PBS ' "  Downton Abbey " and AMC 's "  Breaking Bad " seemed like they had a shot at seizing the crown too . "  We did n't make our show just to undermine them , " Homeland star Danes said backstage . "  I do n't think anybody expected to be recognized this way right off the bat . But it feels pretty nice . " -- FX 's "  American Horror Story " loses best miniseries bid . Who 's afraid of the miniseries category ? HBO 's more traditional entry for this category , "  Game Change , " beat out the FX series despite American Horror Story tying Mad Men for the most award nominations  17  this year .  See : Was American Horror Story punished ? See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	There were a few surprises Sunday night at the Emmys "  Homeland 's " Damian Lewis was a dark horse favorite "  American Horror Story " lost its bid for best miniseries
CNN  -- It 's been 145 years since Abraham Lincoln appeared on a ballot , but admiration for the man who saved the union and sparked the end of slavery is as strong as ever , according to a new survey . Abraham Lincoln , seen in an 1861 photo , tops the list of former presidents in a new survey of historians . Lincoln finished first in a ranking by historians of the 42 former White House occupants . The survey was released over Presidents Day weekend . The news was n't quite as good for the latest addition to the nation 's most exclusive fraternity : George W. Bush finished 36th in the survey , narrowly edging out the likes of historical also-rans Millard Fillmore , Warren Harding and Franklin Pierce . James Buchanan -- the man who watched helplessly as the nation lurched toward civil war in the 1850s -- finished last . "  As much as is possible , we created a poll that was non-partisan , judicious and fair-minded , " said Rice University professor Douglas Brinkley , who helped organize the survey of 65 historians for cable television network C-SPAN . The survey -- which asked participants to rank each president on 10 qualities of leadership ranging from public persuasion and economic management to international relations and moral authority -- was the network 's second since 2000 . See which presidents ranked highest and lowest " The hero of Springfield , Illinois , finished first nine years ago as well . "  It 's fitting that for the 200th birthday of Abraham Lincoln that he remains at the top of these presidential rankings , " Brinkley said . "  Lincoln continues to rank at the top in all categories because he is perceived to embody the nation 's avowed core values : integrity , moderation , persistence in the pursuit of honorable goals , respect for human rights , compassion , " Howard University 's Edna Medford added . Founding father George Washington finished second in the new survey , followed by Franklin D. Roosevelt , Theodore Roosevelt , and Harry Truman , in that order . Bill Clinton registered the greatest gain among recent presidents , jumping from 21st to 15th in the survey . Ronald Reagan edged forward from 11th to 10th overall , while George H.W. Bush moved up from 20th to 18th . The prize for the greatest jump in approval from historians over the last nine years , however , went to a president who has often sat near the bottom of such rankings : Ulysses S. Grant . The Civil War general jumped 10 notches , from 33rd to 23rd . Grant has traditionally received poor marks for corruption among people in his administration and the failed postwar reconstruction effort he presided over . But the nation 's 18th president may be getting a bounce from all of the recent attention focused on Lincoln , Medford said . "  Grant won the war for Lincoln , " she noted during an appearance on C-SPAN 's "  Washington Journal . " "  A new look at the totality of his career may be improving his presidential stature , " she said . "  Bill Clinton and Ulysses S. Grant are n't often mentioned in the same sentence -- until now , " historian Richard Norton Smith said . "  Participants in the latest -LSB- survey -RSB- have boosted each man significantly higher than in the original survey conducted in 2000 . All of which goes to show two things : the fluidity with which presidential reputations are judged , and the difficulty of assessing any president who has only just recently left office . " In his final news conference before stepping down last month , George W. Bush made it clear he was n't concerned with poor initial judgments of his presidency . "  There is no such thing as short-term history , " Bush said . "  I do n't think you can possibly get the full breadth of an administration until time has passed . " The survey 's participants ranked Bush 41st on international relations and 40th on economic management -- ahead of only Herbert Hoover .	65 historians ranked former presidents on various leadership qualities Abraham Lincoln ranked highest , as he did in similar survey done in 2000 James Buchanan , who watched as nation lurched toward civil war , came in last George W. Bush ranks 36th among the 42 former presidents
EW.com  -- Holy moly , America . For the first time since Christmas weekend in 2008 , four movies debuted to more than $ 20 million each this weekend : "  The Vow , " "  Safe House , " "  Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island , " and "  Star Wars : Episode I -- The Phantom Menace 3D . " The first three of those four films far exceeded industry expectations , helping to make this the biggest non-holiday February weekend ever . The box office was also up around 30 percent compared to the same weekend last year . "  The Vow , " starring Rachel McAdams and Channing Tatum , led the way with a hearty $ 41.7 million -- the strongest opening so far this year . That also marks the best debut ever for the Sony-owned label Screen Gems  beating "  Dear John 's " $ 30.5 million  , which produced the film with Spyglass Entertainment . With Valentine 's Day around the corner , audiences were clearly in the mood for love , especially considering that "  The Vow " was the first major romantic drama to hit theaters since November 's "  The Twilight Saga : Breaking Dawn -- Part 1 . " According to Sony , 72 percent of "  The Vow 's " audience was female . The PG-13 movie , which cost $ 30 million to produce , received an okay "  B " rating from CinemaScore graders . Not too far behind was the Denzel Washington thriller "  Safe House , " which took in $ 39.3 million . That represents the second-best opening ever for Washington , after 2007â $ ² s "  American Gangster . " According to CinemaScore , 72 percent of moviegoers said the actor was their reason for buying a ticket , confirming Washington 's status as one of the few performers who can guarantee a solid turnout . The R-rated movie , which cost $ 85 million and also stars Ryan Reynolds and Vera Farmiga , attracted a diverse crowd . African Americans made up 38 percent of the audience , followed by Caucasians  31 percent  and Hispanics  23 percent  . The film 's audience was evenly split fifty-fifty between men and women , and CinemaScore participants gave it an "  A - " rating . "  Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island , " which saw Dwayne Johnson take over leading-man duties from Brendan Fraser , surprised the industry with $ 27.6 million . By comparison , its 2008 predecessor "  Journey to the Center of the Earth " opened to $ 21 million . Of particular note , the PG-rated sequel rose a massive 94 percent from Friday to Saturday , indicating that it was the movie of choice for family audiences . "  Journey 2 " also performed particularly well in 3-D , with three-dimensional showings accounting for 74 percent of its gross . The $ 79 million film received an "  A - " grade from CinemaScore moviegoers . The only new movie that did n't overperform this weekend was the 3-D re-release of "  Star Wars : Episode I -- The Phantom Menace , " which collected $ 23 million . The film was front-loaded , dropping 1 percent from Friday to Saturday as "  Star Wars " enthusiasts rushed out to see it opening day . But family audiences clearly opted for "  Journey 2 " over Jar Jar and company . Still , $ 23 million is nothing to get upset about , Anakin , especially for a re-release . The figure tops last month 's 3-D re-release of "  Beauty and the Beast " , which debuted to $ 17.8 million . And "  The Phantom Menace " jumped past "  E.T. : The Extra-Terrestrial " and Shrek 2 on the all-time domestic list . With a total of $ 454.1 million , the movie is now the fifth-highest grossing domestic release ever  not adjusted for inflation , of course  , and it will soon pass "  Star Wars "  $ 461 million  to settle into the No. 4 spot . Among holdovers , "  Chronicle " dropped only 44 percent for $ 12.3 million . That 's an impressive hold for a "  found-footage " film ; by comparison , "  The Devil Inside " plummeted 76 percent and "  Paranormal Activity 3 " slid 66 percent . The PG-13 movie has so far earned $ 40.2 million on a $ 12 million budget . And "  The Woman in Black , " starring Daniel Radcliffe , fell 51 percent for $ 10.3 million -- a respectable decline for a horror film . In limited release , the Woody Harrelson cop drama Rampart opened to a so-so $ 65,100 at five theaters . Two Oscar nominees , "  In Darkness "  for foreign-language film  and "  Chico & Rita "  for animated feature  , debuted to $ 27,600 and $ 21,700 , respectively . 1 . "  The Vow " -- $ 41.7 mil 2 . "  Safe House " -- $ 39.3 mil 3 . "  Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island " -- $ 27.6 mil 4 . "  Star Wars : Episode I -- The Phantom Menace 3D " -- $ 23.0 mil 5 . "  Chronicle " -- $ 12.3 mil See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Vow , " starring Rachel McAdams and Channing Tatum , led the way with $ 41.7 million Not too far behind was the thriller "  Safe House , " which took in $ 39.3 million Journey 2 : The Mysterious Island " surprised the industry with $ 27.6 million
CNN  -- Willie Nelson said Friday that he felt he had no choice but cancel a gig at SeaWorld , given public pressure and his own conviction that the way the aquatic entertainment giant operates is not acceptable . "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " Nelson told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . "  It was n't that hard a deal for me . " The country music legend 's comments come one day after SeaWorld Orlando spokesman Nick Gollattscheck said Nelson would not be part of next year Bands , Brew & BBQ events "  due to scheduling conflicts . " But the 80-year-old crooner did n't mention scheduling having played any part in his rationale . Rather he nixed the show because he does not agree with SeaWorld 's treatment of its orca , or killer , whales and other sea creatures -- a sentiment that has spread among those who have seen "  Blackfish " documentary that aired on CNN on the topic . He is n't alone . The Canadian rock band Barenaked Ladies also pulled the plug on their show at the Florida theme park for similar reasons , a decision made two days after drummer Tyler Stewart tweeted the group was "  looking at options " after seeing "  Blackfish " and after an online petition urged them to do so . SeaWorld responds to questions about captive orcas , ` Blackfish ' film Nelson pointed to similar efforts asking him to follow suit . The most meaningful , even if it had just a few hundred signatures , may have come from one of Nelson 's grandchildren , with "  people she knew asking me not to play this venue . " Another petition had 9,000 names attached to it on Change.org , with author Danielle Legg writing that Nelson 's "  activism for animals , the environment and other good causes " made it imperative that he cancel his show , in light of the documentary . When his decision became public , Legg declared "  victory " and said she hoped his and the Barenaked Ladies ' decisions "  will inspire other artists to stay away from performing at SeaWorld because at least they 've got the choice -- unlike the animals trapped there . " Such public pressure was n't insignificant , but Nelson said he acted because he felt it was the right thing to do . Many zoos can be considered "  cruel " for how they hold animals , the singer said , adding that he would n't blame a captive monkey "  for wanting to throw stuff at you . " "  I understand that there are some natural-habitat zoos out there , which is probably OK , " Nelson added . "  But what they do at SeaWorld is not OK . " SeaWorld challenges ban limiting interaction between whale and trainer CNN 's Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Willie Nelson says "  it was n't that hard " a decision to cancel his SeaWorld gig "  I do n't agree with the way they treat their animals , " he says Nelson 's cancellation comes a week after the Barenaked Ladies canceled The theme park has faced criticism in the wake of the CNN doc , "  Blackfish "
CNN  -- It 's been more than 20 years since he fought in a sandpit , but Lone Chaw still recalls the dusty village lots of his youth , unmarked except for footprints stained by sweat and blood . Stamping about in a ritual known as "  lat kha maung , " he slaps his open palms against his elbows , imitating the wings of a fighting cock , as if attempting to summon its spirit . Lat kha maung is performed before the matches as a kind of ritual that originated in farming villages . This is the way of Lethwei -- Myanmar 's traditional form of boxing . Hidden from the rest of the world for decades , the sport , like Myanmar itself , is experiencing a revival and rediscovery both at home and abroad . In August , the Woodlands Sports Hall in Singapore hosted an international bare-knuckled Lethwei challenger fight . Similar events in Bangkok have helped usher in a new era for Lethwei . Fighters turned trainers Once derided as a sport fit for only rugged brutes -- Lone Chaw required eight stitches in his face after a fight at age 17 -- Lethwei is finding new respect at the Thut Ti Myanmar Lethwei Club in Yangon . Here , Lone Chaw teaches introductory lessons to a stratum of society distinctly different from the fierce yet humble fighters he grew up facing in the Ayeyarwady Delta region . His students are local doctors , foreign investment bankers and even Myanmar celebrities , including advertisement pinup Wutt Hmone Shwe Yi . "  Two years ago , foreigners began coming here , " says Win Zin Oo , founder and director of the gym . "  Today the Lethwei classes are , on average , half foreign and half local . " Weekend classes can attract up to 10 students , he says . The boxing club is especially proud of having trained a headline-making Lethwei fighter from the UK , "  Mr. Hammer " Sean Bardoe . During a fight in 2013 , Bardoe , 44 , displayed a "  mental and physical toughness , " according to Mr. Win , that won over the crowd and landed him a draw in the ring . But those interested in taking up the sport do n't have to have professional aspirations . "  The workout for extreme pro fighters may not be appropriate for starters so we use a more simplified form for our students , " says Mr. Win , who by day is the Humanitarian and Emergency Affairs Director for World Vision , an American NGO . Mr. Win  as he prefers to be called  is Mickey to Lone Chaw 's Rocky . He coached the Golden Belt freeweight champion until the fighter 's retirement . One of Mr. Win 's fondest memories of coaching was Lone Chaw 's first fight in Japan , 10 years ago . Competing under Lethwei rules , a local jujitsu star went up against the then-29-year-old Lone Chaw . Lone Chaw took him down in less than a minute , leaving the Nagasaki crowd astonished . "  They watched a country boy KO his opponent in the first round , unexpectedly , " Mr. Win recalls with pride . Fewer kicks , higher intensity At Thut Ti Gym , Lone Chaw and Mr. Win now work as tag-team instructors , offering training sessions for 5,000 kyat  $ 5  per person . The setting is typical of the improvised simplicity familiar across Myanmar . An iron-wrought roof and plastic tarps are all that shield the gym from the elements . Novices practice agility by bouncing on tires . The modest ring vibrates with energy every Saturday , when practitioners spar . Though it bears some resemblance to the Muay Thai practiced in neighboring Thailand , Lethwei is different in a number of ways . "  In Muay Thai , kicks and knee strikes prevail , but Lethwei fighters use more punches and fewer kicks , " explains Mr. Win . "  Traditionally , Lethwei fighters do n't fight with gloves , and we use a lot of other components such as throwing , choking and head butts . At a more elemental level , the momentum and fighting intensity are much faster . " Bare-knuckled fighting Watching matches , that momentum becomes evident . Strikes are uncompromisingly fierce . Knockouts come quickly . "  There are no five or six rounds in Lethwei , " says James Ko , a 30-year-old private equity professional from Hong Kong , now living in Yangon . "  Fundamentally , it 's a bare-knuckled sport . "  If you get close and elbow -LSB- your opponent -RSB- once , then you got him . It 's really about that one blow . " In its traditional form , Lethwei is "  fought with bare knuckles bound by cloth , " says Mr. Win . Boxing gloves are a recent development . As part of its current revival and reform period , contemporary mixed martial arts matches incorporating Lethwei fighters tend to enforce the use of gloves . "  Myanmar Lethwei fighters never put on gloves until now , " says Mr. Win . Still , the old sandpit spirit perseveres . Having previously trained under Muay Thai rules , James Ko has over the past year become one of the most dedicated foreign attendees at Thut Ti Gym . Above all , he says he 's learned that in Lethwei , self-defense is crucial . "  Before taking up Lethwei , I did n't realize I was so unprotected , " says Ko . "  If you wear a 14-ounce -LSB- boxing -RSB- glove , your chin is protected , but when you are in a Lethwei fight it 's much easier -LSB- for your opponent -RSB- to make contact , so you must be more on guard . " It 's a lesson an increasingly diverse array of students is learning in Yangon and across Asia . Thut Ti Myanmar Lethwei Club , Kabaraye Pagoda Road , Yangon ; +95 9 731 87441 ; about $ 5 per session  5,000 kyat In Asia since 2006 , Justin Calderon 's work has been featured in The New York Times , Newsweek  Japan  , CNN Travel , Global Post , Borneo Post and The Nation  Bangkok  .	Ignored for decades , Myanmar 's traditional boxing form of Lethwei is experiencing a revival Former champ now teaches foreign investment bankers and local celebs Lethwei fighters use punches , throws , choking and head butts In its traditional form , Lethwei is fought with bare knuckles bound by cloth
New York  CNN  -- A New Hampshire jury on Monday found a Nashua woman guilty of second-degree murder for running over a man who had heckled her for being a New York Yankees fan . Ivonne Hernandez , 45 , was accused in the May 2008 killing of 29-year-old Matthew Beaudoin . Prosecutors said the confrontation began as a dispute between Hernandez and a female friend of Beaudoin 's outside a bar . It escalated when Beaudoin noticed a large Yankees decal in the rear window of Hernandez 's Dodge Intrepid and started to taunt her about the major league baseball team . When Hernandez started to drive away , Beaudoin briefly followed the car on foot . Hernandez then turned her car around and returned to the alley where Beaudoin and his friends remained and struck him . He later died from his injuries , which included multiple skull fractures . The defense argued Hernandez 's actions were accidental -- a byproduct of her disorientation and panic after the confrontation . But prosecutors said in New Hampshire Superior Court , "  a few curse words and some insults to a baseball team do not justify murder . " Beaudoin 's sister , Faith , said her family was delighted with Monday 's verdict . It 's "  absolutely wonderful to have a Christmas gift like this , " she told CNN . The prosecution also expressed satisfaction with the jury 's decision . "  We 're very pleased with the verdict , " senior assistant attorney general Susan Morrell said . "  We believe it 's a fair and just verdict based on the evidence . " Calls to Hernandez 's attorneys were n't returned Monday . Hernandez could face a sentence of up to life in prison .	Ivonne Hernandez , 45 , was accused in the May 2008 killing of Matthew Beaudoin Prosecutors : Beaudoin taunted Hernandez about a New York Yankees decal on her car Hernandez drove away , and Boudain briefly chased after her car on foot Shortly after , she drove back to alley where the group remained , and struck Beaudoin
Washington  CNN  -- The Hilton hotel chain has reached an agreement with the federal government to make changes in about 900 hotels nationwide to further accommodate guests and visitors with disabilities , the Justice Department announced Tuesday . The agreement covers the Hilton hotels built since passage of the Americans With Disabilities Act in 1993 . It includes making changes to Hilton-owned hotels under a variety of trade names including the Waldorf Astoria , Embassy Suites , Hampton Inn , Doubletree and Homewood Suites . Government lawyers had alleged Hilton failed to provide an adequate number of accessible rooms , failed to disperse accessible rooms among the various categories of available accommodations and failed to provide individuals with disabilities the ability to reserve accessible rooms through its reservation system . The allegations also claimed Hilton facilities had failed at times to provide individuals with disabilities the accessible sleeping accommodations that they had reserved . The Americans With Disabilities Act "  protects the right of people with disabilities to stay in accessible hotel rooms , and to reserve those hotel rooms through the same convenient systems as everyone else , " Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights Thomas Perez said in a statement . The Justice Department stressed that Hilton had cooperated throughout the investigation . In a statement released by the corporation , its top executive promised to take steps to enhance accessibility "  at hotels with the Hilton Worldwide network , on its websites , and through its reservation system . " "  Hilton Worldwide is pleased to take further steps to provide our guests with disabilities the accessibility in accommodations they expect from an industry leader , " said Christopher Nassetta , president and CEO of Hilton Worldwide .	U.S. Justice Department announces the agreement Hotels built since the 1993 passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act are covered The accusations include a failure to provide enough disabled-accessible rooms
The previous night we 'd been turned away by stern-looking border guards . A categorical "  no entry " to Transnistria . Trans-where ? Transnistria is a breakaway state , recognized by no sovereign nation . It 's a sliver of land sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine and only a little larger than Rhode Island , the smallest state in the United States . "  You ca n't come in . Right now there is no permission for foreigners and no permission for journalists , " said the Transnistrian border guard , clad in an oversized peaked cap with Soviet-style hat-badge . It was past midnight and we were too tired to argue . To be honest , we had expected as much . A week earlier , Transnistrian authorities had fast-tracked our request for a journalist visa to report inside their territory . Instead of waiting the normal 10 days ' processing time , officials had responded within 36 hours . It was a speedy "  no . " Transnistria split from the former Soviet republic of Moldova following a two-year war  1990-1992  that erupted as the Soviet Union collapsed . The Russians stepped in to back Transnistria -- located on the right bank of the River Dniestr -- but never recognized it as an independent state . It became a land in limbo . More than a decade later , and after Russian troops marched into Ukraine 's Crimea region , NATO 's top military commander Gen. Philip Breedlove warned Moscow may be eyeing other targets . Western intelligence has shown tens of thousands more Russian troops massed on Ukraine 's eastern border . ` Frozen conflict ' Breedlove suggested the force -- backed by tanks and attack helicopters -- was large enough to roll right through Ukraine from east to west and into Transnistria . The general described this as one of Russia 's "  frozen conflicts " -- an unresolved political and territorial dispute -- which Moscow could reignite at any time in a bid to expand its influence across the region . Like the generals in Moscow and Washington , we pored over our map , tracking backroads and alternate routes into the self-declared country . We decided to try to visit as tourists ; our target was the "  Equator " a top nightclub in the Transnistrian border town of Bender . Attempting our approach this time from Moldova , we sloshed a half bottle of local brandy on the floor of our minivan to give it a party smell . Maybe they got bored of our incoherent fast-talk or perhaps bought the idea that Transnistrian nightlife was a big draw for international partygoers . After a long wait , we were waved through . As we rolled past decaying heavy industry and tumbledown Soviet-era apartment blocks , it was clear Transnistria needed more than a fancy nightclub to give it a touch of glamor . At the doors of the "  Equator " , we were informed that the night 's planned event was body painting and a contest to win free cocktails . The rules did not seem entirely clear . We headed instead for an early night in the capital Tiraspol . My last foray into cocktail drinking in former Soviet states had ended badly . A week earlier , up on the Ukraine 's northeast frontier with Russia , a Ukrainian tank commander had cracked open a jar of pickled tomatoes , offered up some raw eggs and uncorked home-made vodka . When the fruit vodka ran out -- we ended the chilly night , in a foxhole , drinking shots of a cloudy liquid from a plastic bottle . Before he passed out , the gunner explained it was the cleaning fluid for the tank 's electronics . No desire to repeat that in Transnistria . Trapped in time As we headed early Sunday into downtown Tiraspol , it was easy to see Transnistria is a place trapped in time . The hammer and sickle is still proudly emblazoned on the Transnistrian flag . A Soviet star is perched atop the city council building and a few blocks down , a towering statue of Lenin rises like a guardian angel . The roads are named after revolutionary icons : Marx , Engels , Lenin . There 's also just plain "  Communist Street . " At a flea market , old men traded Soviet army cap badges and shoulder flashes . Many here still hanker after the glory days of the Cold War . "  Of course it was good with the Soviet Union . We wanted to be with Russia and still want to be with Russia , " one elderly lady told me . She wrapped her arms around herself as she explained how she had felt protected by the old U.S.S.R. Viktor , one of the men selling old Soviet military mementos added : "  It was good in those days but we know we can not turn back time . But we want to join Russia now and set up a free-trade zone . " "  We do n't want to be part of Moldova . They only grab money for their own pockets , " he added . Pro-Russian Talking to people here , it 's hard to fathom why NATO chiefs would warn of an impending Russian invasion of Transnistria . The doors seem to be wide open and the welcome mat is out . "  Let them come . Here people are all for it . If the Russian military comes everybody will shout ` hooray , ' " a chatty blonde woman said . Transnistrians have repeatedly called to be allowed to join the Russian Federation . Moscow has so far failed to recognize Transnistria 's independence -- insisting that it should first resolve its dispute with Moldova . After its annexation of Crimea , some political and military analysts believe Russia may be readying to redraw some of Eastern Europe 's borders without further consultation . Away from the flea market , stands "  La Dolce Vita , " an Italian-style pavement café that serves only instant coffee and dozens of varieties of sugary cakes . Law student Katya and boyfriend Sergey , an IT student , were consumed in a very public show of affection . Their minds were more focused on love not war . But they paused briefly for questions . "  If the Russians come in it would n't be a tragedy at all . The Russian military is already here , " Sergey said . The couple added that they intended to go to Russia once they 'd graduated to look for well-paid work there . They said good jobs were hard to find in Transnistria . When the Soviet star waned , a new star rose over Transnistria -- that of Wild West economics . An ex-KGB agent and former president appears to be one of the biggest businessmen in town . He goes under the brand name "  Sheriff " and has a chain of supermarkets , gas stations and even Tiraspol 's top soccer club . Other businesses here may not be so mainstream . International economists often describe Transnistria as a state whose fortunes are built on smuggling booze and tobacco and selling old Soviet weapons . Out in the countryside , Anna Ivanna has no head for shady dealings . I find her hoeing weeds from her small vineyard . She says her land is perfect for growing organic grapes . Some of it goes to produce Kvint -- a Transnistrian cognac . She believes becoming part of Russia would bring greater economic benefits like cheaper energy , especially Russian natural gas for heating her home and powering local industry . She 's also heard Russian pensions are four times higher than in Transnistria . "  Why do we need Europe ? It 's good for us to be part of Russia . Maybe Europe is OK for the young people , " she said . Russian soldiers never left Transnistria , after its 1990-1992 independence war with Moldova . A contingent of around 1,200 occupies bases and highway checkpoints here -- another indication Russian President Vladimir Putin would not need to invade since his troops are already here . On the outskirts of the capital , we venture into another Soviet-era apartment complex . On a wall , there 's a starkly poetic line of graffiti scrawled in English . It could be the lament of star-crossed lovers or perhaps a sign of the political times . "  I love you . But why I love you ? ... I never know . " A message from Transnistria . To Russia with love .	People on a sliver of land caught in a Soviet time warp long to be part of Russia Transnistria is part of Moldova and an unrecognized self-declared country They see Russia as a protecting force and a place to work and trade One woman explains if the Russian military arrived people would cheer
CNN  -- Veteran character actor Ralph Waite -- who many knew best from his time on "  The Waltons , " though he also had regular roles in more recent series like "  Bones " and "  NCIS " -- has died . He was 85 . Waite died on Thursday afternoon at his Palm Desert , California , home , according to Steve Gordon , his family accountant . Jane Mead , a representative of the Spirit of the Desert Presbyterian Fellowship that Waite attended regularly , confirmed his death . According to IMDB.com , Waite was already a Hollywood veteran with parts in movies like "  Cool Hand Luke " and "  Five Easy Pieces , " plus TV series such as "  Bonanza " when he landed the role of John Walton Sr. . "  The Waltons " struck a chord with many viewers during its run from 1972 to 1981 , with Waite being a constant on that show as well as in several TV movies to follow . Waite was twice nominated for an Emmy , first in 1977 for supporting actor in a comedy or drama series for "  Roots " and the next year as lead actor in a drama for his Waltons ' role . Waite also tried his hand at politics , running unsuccessfully as a Democrat for a U.S. representative seat that includes Palm Springs -- narrowly losing in 1990 and again in 1998 to Mary Bono , the widow of former congressman and "  Sonny and Cher " star Sonny Bono . These forays did n't stop Waite from continuing his day job , however . He continued to score regular roles , for instance , on TV shows like "  The Mississippi , " "  Murder One , " "  Carnivale , " "  The Practice " and "  Grey 's Anatomy . " In fact , Waite was busy working right through last year playing recurring characters on not only "  Bones " and "  NCIS " but also "  Days of Our Lives . " Stephan Nathan , "  Bones " executive producer , remembered Waites as "  a wonderful man . " "  A big loss , " Nathan tweeted . "  RIP . " Pauley Perrette , part of the "  NCIS " cast , also tweeted condolences for the man she referred to as Papa Gibbs . "  We love him at NCIS SO much , " Perrette said . "  So so sad . " People we 've lost in 2014	Ralph Waite dies at his Palm Desert , California , home , two sources say He was a veteran Hollywood actor , having appeared in many movies and TV series He was best known as John Walton Sr. on the hit show "  The Waltons " Waite worked well into his 80s on shows like "  Bones " and "  NCIS "
And I did n't think Marissa Mayer , the Yahoo! chief who caused quite a stir with her two-week maternity leave and decision to ban employees working from home , could get any more controversial . Enter her decision to strike a pose in the September issue of Vogue magazine , lounging on a hammock wearing Michael Kors and stiletto heels , and let the debate , mostly among women , rage on . "  Smart women can be beautiful , " said Jen Bosse of the blog , Defining My Happy . "  Beautiful women can be leaders of industry . Women should not have to succumb to societal pressure dictating what they are ` allowed ' to be and do . " I happen to agree with Jen 's sentiment , but other women saw Mayer 's pose as a step backward . "  We fight so hard to be where we are and prove that it was n't our cute bodies , perky boobs or cute face that got us there , " said self-described "  pretty geek , " Anna Nicole Moose , in response to a request for comment on CNN 's Facebook page . "  Shame on you Marissa Mayer for playing into stereotypes . " But ca n't a woman be powerful , strong and beautiful , all at once ? That question drew a range of responses from women on various rungs of the corporate ladder , some supportive of Mayer embracing her femininity and others lamenting the undue pressure on female leaders to soften their image . Yahoo 's Marissa Mayer turns heads with Vogue photo shoot For many women , the fact that there 's even a debate about Mayer 's decision to do the Vogue photo shoot in the first place shows that a double standard is alive and well . "  Why are women always being held to a different level of scrutiny in the business and tech space ? " said Carolyn Gerin , senior editor of Destination I Do Magazine . "  So what if Marissa Meyer loves fashion ? Would we think less of Larry Ellison being photographed with his monster boat ... or Richard Branson with his hot air balloons ? " Cali Williams Yost , author of the book "  Tweak It : Make What Matters to You Happen Every Day , " said , "  My hope is that someday we 're not batting an eye at CEO women being in Vogue , as we do n't bat an eye on CEO men being in Outside magazine talking about how they climbed Mount Kilimanjaro . " Marissa Mayer : From Google ` geek ' to Yahoo CEO Patrice Grell Yursik , creator of a beauty , fashion and lifestyle site for women of color called Afrobella.com , believes Mayer has the right to present herself any way she sees fit , but says sadly , mainstream media showcases women and men differently . "  I ca n't think of the last time a men 's magazine chose to profile a CEO by asking him to sprawl out on a couch , " she said . "  When , let 's say , GQ or Esquire is profiling someone on this level , they 're not asking them to unbutton their shirt and pose suggestively with any kinds of props . " The response from Mayer 's fellow female CEOs and female executives was also telling . Barbara O. , who only wanted to use her first name and initial of her last name , is a chief marketing officer who worked in the tech industry at companies ranging from Apple to Netscape to Yahoo! . Her position is n't one based on sexism , she says , but on her views about the best way for a CEO to benefit his or her company . How Marissa Mayer writes her own rules "  The pose that Marissa took for ... Vogue is not one that a man would take or that seems to be beneficial for Yahoo! , " she said in response to a post on CNN 's Facebook page . "  I am fine with her using her good looks or her smarts or her role as a CEO and mother to help folks take a new look at Yahoo! . However , this Vogue  photo  looks to be much more about Marissa being sexy as a woman rather than Marissa looking great as CEO of a company desperately trying to remain relevant . " Grace Chan , vice president for product management for Wanderful Media , said she would n't have posed for Vogue as an executive . "  This is something I would n't personally do because I believe if you want to be treated equal , you should n't take advantage of your physical assets , " said Chan . "  I do n't want to get brownie points because I am attractive . I like to separate the fact that I am a woman and I am a professional . " Other women in leadership positions said they saw no problem with Mayer showing a different side of her personality . "  So what if Marissa Mayer is in a fashion spread in Vogue ? " said Mary Cook , CEO of CallSocket.com . "  When she ` took office ' did she also park her sense of fashion , personal interests , and humor at the front door ? I hope she had fun on the photo shoot and she looks great to boot ! " For some women , the issue is not what Mayer did but what she said . In the Vogue article , the Yahoo! CEO said she did n't set out to lead technology companies . "  I 'm just geeky and shy and I like to code . ... It 's not like I had a grand plan where I weighed all the pros and cons of what I wanted to do -- it just sort of happened , " she told the magazine . "  You do n't become a female CEO of a tech company for just stumbling onto a career , and you certainly do n't end up in Vogue for those reasons either , " said Hayley Krischer , a writer of the feminist blog , Femamom , and mom of two . "  Mayer has embraced all of her horrible work ethics ... putting a kabosh on the work-from-home environment so why not embrace her aggressive side and tell the truth about who she is ? " If Marissa Mayer can ` have it all , ' can you ? In the midst of all the back and forth were questions from some women about why we women are often ripping each other apart . After all , women have been some of the loudest critics of Mayer . "  She 's not doing a spread in Playboy , " said Micky Marie Morrison , author of "  Baby Weight . " "  It 's not at all inappropriate . What 's inappropriate is judging her . " Nicole Williams , LinkedIn 's career expert , said , "  The thought that women can be glamorous , beautiful and successful is really difficult for women to embrace because I think in large part it 's hard . It 's really hard to be all those things at once and it feels kind of threatening . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Marissa Mayer appears in September issue of Vogue magazine Some women say the Vogue shoot was inappropriate for a female CEO Other women cite a double standard for how female and male CEOs are showcased Mayer 's Vogue shoot marks her first public presentation as Yahoo! CEO
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Eleven-year-old Hiroki Ando will likely die if he does not get a new heart . Hiroki in an ambulance on the way to catch his flight to New York , where he will wait for a heart . Hiroki suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart . The same disease killed his sister five years ago . "  We have two children in our family who got a disease that happens one out of every 100,000 people . I am sorry for my children . We are having my daughter and Hiroki going through this harsh experience , " said father Ryuki Ando . "  We were told by his doctor at the end of last year that the heart transplant operation was the only way for him to survive , " Ando said . But the law in Japan prohibits anyone under the age of 15 from donating organs -- meaning Hiroki ca n't get a new heart in his home country . According to the web site for Japan Transplant Network , a non-governmental group that supports changing Japan 's transplant law , "  this stipulation has greatly reduced the possibility of transplants to small children ; heart transplants to small children have become impossible . " Watch Hiroki 's trip to the United States " Lawmaker Taro Kono is spearheading efforts to change the law , which was enacted in 1997 . Japan 's parliament is now debating four proposed amendments -- including one that would scrap the age limit . But , beyond the age matter , the issue of organ transplantation in general , has been a difficult one for the country because of perceptions of brain death . Some refuse to accept it if their loved ones ' hearts are still beating . "  For a long time , it 's the heart that mattered in Japan . Some religions ask us not to declare being brain dead as death . But that is not the majority , " Kono said . "  So it is simply that we have been doing things this way and a lot of people are very skeptical about it . " Kono , who gave a kidney to his father , said a total of 81 organ transplants have been conducted in Japan since the transplant law was enacted in 1997 , whereas nearly thousands of transplants occur in the United States each year . "  A lot of people in Japan waiting for a transplant , waiting for a liver , a heart , other organs , most of them just die simply because they could n't get any organs , " he said . Kono said he believes the public supports changing the law to allow organ donation from children , noting that "  when the parents of the child are going on the street asking for donations , they can actually raise more than a million dollars . " Incredibly , that 's just what Hiroki 's family has done . They started a group called "  helping Hiroki " and raised $ 1.7 million in donations . "  It was very tough to get the donations , but so many people from all over Japan donated the money , " he said . "  It was not only the money , but so many letters and messages to energize us , sent to the group . We realized there are so many people supporting us , and they are the reason that we made it this far and will be able to continue after going to the U.S. " Hiroki is now at Columbia University Medical Center in New York , awaiting a new heart . His father says he knows that the transplant issue is a difficult one for families . "  The honest wish from the recipient 's side is to have a donor show up as soon as possible , " he said , pausing . "  I still do not know whether I can make a decision to give my child 's heart to someone else if I am faced with such a situation . But unless the people face the issue and think about it seriously , I do not think the time will come soon to see more people volunteering to donate organs . " Ando said he hopes that one day he will be able to play baseball with his son , who is an avid sports fan . "  I would like to have a fun time again with Hiroki . I would like to make it home with everyone in good health , " he said . "  That 's the biggest hope I have now . " Ando 's mother wrote in a blog on her Web site  http://www.hirokikun.jp/  that Hiroki was high on the waiting list for a heart transplant in New York . "  I believe Hiroki will be all right , " she wrote .	Hiroki Ando , 11 , suffers from cardiomyopathy , which inflames and impairs the heart He ca n't get heart in Japan because people under 15 not allowed to donate organs Hiroki 's family raised $ 1.7 million in donations to send Hiroki to New York for surgery
CNN  -- FC Basel will take a 1-0 lead over Bayern Munich into the second leg of their Champions League last 16 tie after a late winner from substitute Valentin Stocker earned victory on Wednesday , when 2010 title winners Inter Milan also conceded a last-gasp goal to lose in Marseille . Bayern , the runners-up two seasons ago and four-time European champions , will still be hoping to make the final of the continent 's top club competition , which will be held at the German side 's home Allianz Stadium on May 19 . But with only three wins in seven games since Christmas , and a run of 240 minutes without a goal , Jupp Heynckes ' team will need to improve in the home leg on March 13 . "  We only seem to win when we take the lead in the first half . If we do n't , it turns out like tonight . It 's just not happening for us at the moment , " said goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Stocker struck in the 86th minute to stun the Bavarian giants , giving the Swiss side a precious advantage . Bayern might have been on the score sheet early at the St. Jakob Stadium , but home goalkeeper Yann Sommer twice denied Franck Ribery in a frantic opening . But Basel , who had accounted for English powerhouses Manchester United in the group stages , also went close to a breakthrough . Blog : Should Man City accept Tevez apology ? Defender Aleksandar Dragovic forced Neuer into a reflex save and Alexander Frei rattled the crossbar from close range . Sommer continued his excellent night as he kept out a curling shot from David Alaba on the half-hour mark . Basel captain Marco Streller wasted a good chance just after the break when he headed straight at Neuer , but it was Bayern who gained the upper hand and appeared to be headed for at least a draw . Then with four minutes left , Cameroon striker Jacques Zoua picked out Stocker , who had been left clear by poor Bayern defending , and he shot underneath Neuer . Serie A giants Inter must have also thought they were heading for a goalless draw at the Stade Velodrome until Ghana 's Andre Ayew popped up to head home for Marseille in the 93rd minute . It was the seventh game without a win for the Italians under Claudio Ranieri , who was left to rue his side 's luck . "  We played a good match , in which we created more chances than them , and we did n't deserve to leave beaten , " the Inter manager told the match broadcaster .	FC Basel beat Bayern Munich 1-0 in Champions League last 16 first leg Late goal from substitute Valentin Stocker seals win for Swiss side Basel put out Manchester United in group stages Marseille beat Inter Milan 1-0 in their first leg tie in France
Berlin , Germany  CNN  -- A 90-year-old man from northern Germany has been charged with 58 counts of murder for the killings of Jewish forced laborers in the final days of World War Two . The man , who was not named , was a member of the feared SS serving in what is now Austria when he allegedly carried out the crimes , the state court in Duisburg , western Germany , said Tuesday . A state office responsible for the prosecution of Nazi war crimes filed the charges . On March 29 , 1945 , the man brought at least 57 Jewish forced laborers in several groups to a wooded area where they were forced to give up their valuables and kneel in a ditch , the court said . "  The accused and other SS members then shot the Jewish forced laborers cruelly from the back , " the court said . That day or the next , the court said , the man made other Jewish forced laborers who were "  exhausted and no longer able to walk " to march near the town of Jabing , which was then in Germany and is now part of modern-day Austria . He then "  insidiously " shot them from the back , it added . "  The accusation is that the accused let himself be led by the National Socialist  Nazi  ideology , corresponding to an extremely hostile and inhumane attitude toward the victims , who he viewed as inferior , " the court said . The court said it must now decide whether to open proceedings against the man , who has two weeks in which to raise any objections .	Man from northern Germany charged with 58 counts of killing Jewish laborers Killings took place just weeks from the end of World War II Man is accused of being part of an SS group that carried out executions
CNN  -- Security forces rescued a U.S. citizen from the Taliban on Sunday during an operation in eastern Afghanistan , officials said . Dr. Dilip Joseph was kidnapped Wednesday by insurgents in Kabul province , the NATO-led International Assistance Security Force said in statement . He was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or death , which is why Gen. John Allen , commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan , ordered the mission . "  Today 's mission exemplifies our unwavering commitment to defeating the Taliban , " Allen said in a statement . "  I 'm proud of the American and Afghan forces that planned , rehearsed and successfully conducted this operation . Thanks to them , Dr. Joseph will soon be rejoining his family and loved ones . " Further information on Joseph , including his hometown , was not immediately available .	Dilip Joseph was abducted on Wednesday in Kabul province He was believed to be in imminent danger of injury or death
CNN  -- I have the great privilege of writing the theater column for The New Criterion , the arts-and-culture journal founded by New York Times art critic Hilton Kramer and pianist Samuel Lipman in 1982 . Some people have to be in an office at 8 a.m. , but I get to be at the theater at 8 p.m. . It is a pretty sweet gig . The power of theater comes from its ability to surprise . Once or twice a season , I am treated to an unexpected discovery : While movies so often are cut , polished , CGI 'd and market-researched to death , even the most commercial piece of tourist-bait theater -- lookin ' at you , "  Evita " -- contains within it an element of unpredictability . The audiences , unfortunately , are drearily predictable . It 's the old one-in-every-family phenomenon : They will be late . They will talk . Their cell phones will ring , and some of them , by God , will answer them . They will text , and they may even play a few rounds of Words with Friends during the third act . They are the enemy . They are depressing not because their bad manners surprise us but because they do not surprise us . I found myself in the news this week after offering a surprise of my own at a New York theater : The woman seated next to me was on her phone throughout most of the show .  It was "  Natasha , Pierre , and the Great Comet of 1812 , " in case you 're wondering , a musical based on "  War and Peace . " You know what show you should n't see in New York if you have the attention span of a goldfish ? One based on "  War and Peace . "  When she was not on her phone , she and her friends were engaged in a four-part imitation of a "  Sex and the City " brunch conversation . I asked her nicely -- more than once -- but she did not respond to courtesy . She said : "  Just do n't look . " So I took her phone from her and tossed it . There was a moment of wonderful , shocked silence . She salvaged such self-respect as she could -- which is to say , she slapped me -- and then stalked off in search of her phone . A few minutes later , I was visited by an annoyed gentleman in a black suit and soon enough found myself out on the street . Yes , it was worth it . In part , I blame the theater managers . If you seat people who show up late , they will show up late . One or two high-profile ejections a month would go a long way toward beating some sense into the theater-going public . But you can never design a perfect protocol . Audiences must behave . People are awful , of course -- somebody once observed that every civilization faces a barbarian invasion every generation in the form of its children -- and the Broadway and off-Broadway crowd is full of miscreants . Theater is New York and New York is theater , and New York is not much like the rest of the country .  Shake Shack , a summertime favorite in Madison Square Park , has a menu for dogs .  New York is one of the world capitals of self-importance . And , with the possible exception of Washington , there is no city in the country where self-importance is more disconnected from actual importance . If I could buy New Yorkers for what they 're worth and sell them for what they think they 're worth , I 'd own Fifth Avenue from Saks to Harlem . That guy whispering into his cell phone ? He is n't getting the news that little Timmy finally has a donor for his heart transplant ; he 's just another schmuck having a schmuck conversation with schmucks elsewhere . That guy tapping away on his smartphone is n't restructuring the derivatives markets ; he 's playing "  Angry Birds . " The lady to my right , I am willing to bet , was not receiving her orders from the Impossible Missions Force , and her phone did not self-destruct . I destructed it . And I am not sorry . I am advised that what I did was almost certainly a crime . And if the law , in its majesty , should decide that I need to spend a night in jail over this episode , then I will be happy to do so . But I think of it as an act of criticism . Occasionally , a shocking gesture is called for , perhaps even a histrionic one . I may have met conventional-grade rudeness with thermonuclear counterforce , but I did it in the interests of civility , violating standards to preserve them . Theater-goers on Twitter jokingly compared me to Batman : Not the hero Gotham deserves , the hero it needs . I do n't know about that : Grumpiness is not much of a superpower . But we will live in exactly as rude and coarse a world as we will tolerate , and I do not intend to tolerate very much . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Williamson .	Theater critic Kevin Williamson is sick of rude audiences who talk or text during plays A woman sitting next to him would n't stop using her phone , so he took it and threw it She slapped him ; he was kicked out . But he 's glad he did it , calls it an act of criticism In part he blames managers who let people in late and do n't stop distracting behavior
Lindsey Vonn 's knee troubles apparently are too much to overcome in time for Sochi . Vonn , the reigning Olympic and World Cup downhill skiing champ , will not compete in next month 's Winter Olympics , according to a post Tuesday on her official Facebook page . "  I am devastated to announce that I will not be able to compete in Sochi , " Vonn 's post read . The news comes 11 months after she hurt her right knee knee at the world championships . The four-time World Cup overall champion underwent reconstructive surgery but aggravated the problem in a crash during training in November . "  I did everything I possibly could to somehow get strong enough to overcome having no ACL  anterior cruciate ligament  , but the reality has sunk in that my knee is just too unstable to compete at this level . "  I 'm having surgery soon so that I can be ready for the World Championships at home in Vail next February . " Vonn counts the ski resort in the Rocky mountains of Colorado as her home and spent Thanksgiving Day training in Vail . She went on to make a successful return to racing before Christmas but last month the writing was on the wall when she had to pull out of a World Cup event in Val d'Isere , France . The American skier , who is dating golfer Tiger Woods , may have resigned herself to watching the Winter Olympics from the sidelines but the Minnesota athlete is still looking for a silver lining . "  On a positive note , this means there will be an additional spot so that one of my teammates can go for gold , " she added . "  Thank you all so much for all of the love and support . I will be cheering for all of the Olympians and especially Team USA ! " Bill Marolt , president of the U.S. Ski and Snowboard Association , supported Vonn 's decision and said in a statement : "  In looking ahead , I have every ounce of confidence that Lindsey will be in the starting gate next World Cup season ready to compete . "  She knows the hard work it takes to get to the top and still has significant goals to achieve in what has been an incredible career . "  While Lindsey wo n't be in Sochi , we have a strong team that is well prepared to challenge . Now is the time for those athletes to step up towards our best in the world vision . " The Winter Olympics take place in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi and begin on February 7 .	Lindsey Vonn announces she will not compete at the 2014 Winter Olympics The 29-year-old admits she has failed to recover from a right knee injury Vonn was the defending women 's downhill champion The American plans to have surgery before another comeback later this year
CNN  -- A total of seven cases of a previously undetected strain of swine flu have been confirmed in humans in the United States , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . None of the patients has had direct contact with pigs . Swine flu is usually diagnosed only in pigs or people in regular contact with them . Five of the cases have been found in California , and two have been found in Texas , near San Antonio , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , the CDC 's Interim Deputy Director for Science and Public Health Program . The CDC reported Tuesday that two children in the San Diego , California , area , infected with a virus called swine influenza A H1N1 , whose combination of genes has not been seen in flu viruses in either human or pigs before . The patients range from age 9 to 54 , Schuchat said . They include two 16-year-old boys who attend the same Texas school , and a father and daughter in California . "  The good news is that all seven of these patients have recovered , " Schuchat said . The first two cases were picked up through a special influenza monitoring program , with stations in San Diego and El Paso , Texas . The program aims to get a better sense of what strains exist and to detect new strains before they become widespread , the CDC said . Other cases emerged through routine and expanded surveillance . At this point , the ability for the human influenza vaccine to protect against this new swine flu strain is unknown , and studies are ongoing , she said . There is no danger from contracting the virus from eating pork products , Schuchat said . The new virus has genes from North American swine and avian influenza , human influenza and swine influenza normally found in Asia and Europe , said Nancy Cox , chief of the CDC 's Influenza Division . Swine flu is a respiratory disease of pigs caused by type A influenza , according to the CDC . It does not normally inflect humans , but cases have occurred among people , especially those who have had direct exposure to pigs . There have also been cases in the past of one person spreading swine flu to other people , the CDC said . In 1988 , in an apparent swine flu infection in pigs in Wisconsin , there was antibody evidence of virus transmission from the patient to health care workers who had contact with the patient , the CDC said . Person-to-person transmission is believed to occur in a manner similar to the spread of the influenza virus : through infected people coughing and sneezing , the CDC said . People may contract swine flu by touching something with viruses on it and then touching their mouth or nose . From December 2005 to February 2009 , 12 cases of human infection with swine flu were documented . Symptoms of swine flu in humans are expected to resemble regular human seasonal influenza symptoms , including fever , lethargy , lack of appetite , and coughing , the CDC said . Other reported symptoms include runny nose , sore throat , nausea , vomiting and diarrhea . The new strain of swine flu has been resistant to the antiviral drugs amantadine and rimantadine , but has responded to the other licensed options : oseltamivir and zanamivir . The CDC is working closely with health officials in California and Texas to learn more about the virus . The agency expects to find more cases , Schuchat said . If swine flu can mutate to spread between humans , what does this mean for avian flu ? Because of the virus subtype , it is less likely that avian flu would become transmissible from person to person , but still possible , said Dr. William Short at the division of infectious diseases at Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The news is not cause for widespread panic , but people at risk -- those who live in or have traveled to the areas where patients live , or have been in contact with pigs -- should watch out for symptoms and get tested if they occur , Short said . The three criteria for a pandemic are a new virus to which everybody is susceptible , the ability to spread from person to person readily , and wide geographic spread , said Dr. Jay Steinberg , infectious disease specialist at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Atlanta , Georgia . The new strain of swine flu only meets one of these criteria : its novelty . On the other hand , bird flu meets two of the criteria : novelty and geographic spread . If history is any indication , flu pandemics tend to occur once every 20 years or so , meaning we 're actually due for one , he said . However , it is not likely to be the swine flu , he said . "  I can say with 100 percent confidence that a pandemic of a new flu strain will spread in humans , " Steinberg said . "  What I ca n't say is when it will occur . "	CDC : Five cases found in California , two found in Texas All seven patients have recovered Symptoms of swine flu in humans are expected to resemble human influenza Vaccine against human flu is not expected to work against swine flu
Battling near-freezing temperatures and darkness , rescue workers and residents in eastern Turkey early Monday scoured the wreckage wrought by the country 's most-powerful earthquake in more than a decade , hoping to find survivors . They used flashlights , shovels , heavy machinery and their hands to lift the debris , and climbed over collapsed buildings in search of victims . At least 217 people were killed in Sunday 's quake , said Turkish Interior Minister Idris Naim Sahin , the Anatolian news agency reported Monday . The previous official toll was 138 . Another 350 people were injured in the quake , which the U.S. Geological Survey said had a magnitude of 7.2 . Roughly 20 aftershocks rattled eastern Turkey in one of the nation 's poorest areas . The largest had a magnitude of 6.0 . One hundred people were killed in Van , while 117 were killed in Ercis , said Sahin , the Anatolian news agency reported . It also said that schools will be closed for a week in Van . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan told reporters the death toll is likely to climb , as rescue teams work through the night to save people still trapped in the rubble . The prime minister said 55 buildings collapsed in Ercis on the north shore of Lake Van , while the Turkish Red Crescent had said earlier that some 25 apartment buildings and a student dormitory collapsed in the town . Local rescuers took many wounded people out of the dormitory , a Red Crescent statement said , without saying exactly how many . A health services building also collapsed , along with part of a hospital , CNN sister network CNN Turk reported . The injured were being treated in the hospital 's garden . "  People are really scared , " said CNN Turk reporter Nevsin Mengu . "  The survivors are now trying to survive the cold weather . " She said many residents are not returning to their houses , but sleeping on rooftops or in the streets . It was not clear whether their homes were uninhabitable , or whether they were just too frightened . Electricity and natural gas were off in most of the city . Speaking from Van , Mengu said the death toll is almost sure to rise , as rescue teams have not yet reached some of the smaller villages . Trucks carrying medical aid and food were seen driving into Van . Official rescue efforts were also under way in Ercis , said CNN Turk reporter Sevda Incesu , but residents were conducting efforts of their own . Ambulances were having trouble getting into town because the roads were littered with debris , she said . Video footage from the scene showed survivors freed from the rubble being loaded onto stretchers amid a crush of rescue workers and bystanders . Heavy equipment was used to sift through the wreckage , as residents gathered around small fires . Are you there ? Submit your pictures or video The Red Crescent called for rescue workers , machinery and drinking water . A crisis center was set up by the country 's Health Ministry in the Turkish capital , Ankara . Health Minister Recep Akdag said an air ambulance and several helicopters would go to the quake zone . Rescue teams of about 500 people were on the ground , according to the crisis center , and additional aid teams were dispatched from 29 surrounding cities . Medical helicopters were transporting the injured to hospitals in other provinces , the center said . Two tent hospitals were being set up in Ercis , and two cargo planes were dispatched from the capital carrying medical teams and aid . A seven-story building collapsed on Kazim Karabekir Street in the city of Van , and more buildings were reduced to rubble the village of Tabanli in Van province , the Anatolian news agency said . It was unknown how many people were trapped . Prime Minister Erdogan and Health Minister Akdag arrived in the area Sunday , according to the Ministry of Health 's crisis center . Israel offered Turkey "  any help it may require " after the earthquake , Defense Minister Ehud Barak 's office said . Israel and Turkey , once close allies , saw a deterioration in relations in a dispute over an Israeli naval commando raid on the Gaza-bound ship Mavi Marmara , in which nine Turkish activists were killed . Other nations and organizations offered condolences and assistance to Turkey . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the brave men and women who are working to bring assistance to this stricken region , " U.S. President Barack Obama said in a statement . "  We stand shoulder to shoulder with our Turkish ally at this difficult time , and are ready to assist the Turkish authorities . " U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton issued a similar statement . A spokesman for the Turkish Foreign Ministry said the country , while grateful for offers of aid , is prepared to handle the disaster on its own . Turkey is "  no stranger to having these seismic events , " but Sunday 's quake is considered major , CNN Meteorologist Reynolds Wolf reported . A magnitude 7.6 earthquake in Izmit , Turkey , killed more than 17,000 people in 1999 , according to the USGS . A magnitude 7.2 tremor in Duzce the same year killed 894 people , the USGS reported . Sunday 's major quake hit at 1:41 p.m. local time . It took place about 12 miles from Van , the USGS said . The USGS reported a depth of 4.5 miles , or 7.2 kilometers ; the center in Turkey said the quake was about 3 miles , or 5 kilometers , deep .	At least 217 people are reported dead ; 350 are injured The USGS reports the quake had a magnitude of 7.2 Rescue teams struggle to reach some smaller villages A 7.6 earthquake in Turkey killed more than 17,000 people in 1999
CNN  -- 3-D printers are currently being used or explored by a multitude of industries -- from printing toys and automotive parts to meat and even houses . In medicine , they are already used to print prosthetic limbs and make patient-specific models of body parts that surgeons can use as guides during reconstructive surgery . It 's no surprise , then , that scientists around the world are investigating whether living cells can be used to print replacement organs and tissues . 3-D printing is an exciting technology that I except to play a significant role as scientists expand their ability to engineer tissues and organs in the lab . What many people do n't realize , however , is that the printer itself is not the "  magic " ingredient for making lab-built organs a reality . Instead , printers are a vehicle for scaling up and automating a process that must begin at the laboratory bench . Before any organ can be engineered -- whether it 's printed or built by hand -- there is much groundwork that must be accomplished . Vital to the process is a thorough understanding of cell biology . Scientists must determine not only what types of cells to use , but how to expand them in the lab and how to keep them alive and viable throughout the engineering process . Do they need to be imbedded in biocompatible material ? If so , which biomaterial is most suitable ? The bar for success is high -- the structures we engineer must function like native tissue . Interactive : How 3-D printing will reshape the world Lab-built organs Scientists on multiple teams have already demonstrated that lab-built organs can function quite well in patients . Engineered airways , bladders , blood vessels and urine tubes have been successfully implanted . What these structures have in common is that they are a combination of cells and biomaterials made in the shape of an organ or tissue . In our initial experience engineering tissues , we made these 3-D structures by hand . For example , by suturing a strip of biocompatible material into a tubular shape , we made scaffolds for urine tubes . With a pipette , cells were then added by hand to these structures . 3-D printers , on the other hand , offer the opportunity to very precisely combine cells and materials into the desired shape . The replacement tissue or organ can be designed on a computer using a patient 's medical scans . The computer then controls the printer as it precisely prints the desired shape and determines cell placement . The printers we 've designed give us the option of using two or more different cell types and placing them exactly where they need to be -- something not possible by hand . Read this : Regenerative medicine 's promising future 3-D printers also have the flexibility of using a variety of biomaterials so that cells can be printed in either gel-like or rigid scaffolds , or printed without scaffolds . In addition , structures can be printed without cells , as was the case of a printed airway splint developed by the University of Michigan that saved a young child 's life . An ultimate goal of bioprinting , of course , is to be able to print complex structures such as kidneys that can help solve the shortage of organs available for transplant . While I believe this is achievable , there are many challenges to overcome before this is a reality . Oxygen supply Any large organ structure -- regardless of how it is engineered -- is not like the fully functioning organ harvested from a donor . Instead , even when printed structures are made with living cells , they must "  incubate " in the body to become fully functional . As the scaffold gradually degrades , the cells lay down new tissue -- resulting in a new organ . A major challenge in tissue engineering is to supply these structures with oxygen while they integrate with the body . One possibility is to print small channels into the structures that can be populated with blood vessel cells . Another option might be to print oxygen-producing materials into the scaffolds . While there are many challenges to solve , I believe the printing of complex organs will become reality , but not for decades . Other projects involving bioprinting are further along and closer to benefiting patients . For example , for the military-funded Armed Forces Institute of Regenerative Medicine , our team is working to print smaller tissues , such as bone and muscle , that would be used in facial reconstruction . We are also working to print skin cells directly onto burn wounds . But implantable tissue is not the only way 3-D printing can benefit patients . Our team and others are using 3-D printers to print miniature livers that have the potential to be used for drug testing . In addition , in collaboration with five other institutions , we are working to print miniature hearts , lungs , blood vessels and livers onto "  chips " that will be connected with a blood substitute . Called a "  body on a chip , " the system has the potential to speed up the development of new drugs because it could potentially replace testing in animals , which can be slow , expensive and not always accurate . Bioprinting is a rapidly developing field of science that obviously has many potential applications in medicine . Even five years from now , I suspect researchers will be pursuing potential treatments that are unimaginable today . It is important to remember , though , that the process involves more than putting cells in a cartridge and pressing "  print . " Developments that occur at the laboratory bench are an integral part of the equation and what can be accomplished with printing depends , in large part , on advancements in cell biology and materials science . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dr. Anthony Atala .	Scientists are trying to use living cells to print replacement organs and tissues We will eventually be able to transplant complex printed organs , says Dr. Anthony Atala A major challenge is supplying these structures with oxygen while they integrate with body Dr. Atala and others working to print miniature organs onto "  chips "
CNN  -- China 's Olympic gold medal gymnasts have been officially cleared of lying about their ages . Widespread reports claimed that gold medal winner He Kexin was only 14 years of age . An investigation was launched after the Beijing Games over claims that several members of their women 's squad were ineligible because they were not 16 in the year of competition . But on Wednesday , the International Gymnastics Federation  FIG  closed a near six-week probe saying that documentation provided confirms they were old enough to compete . The inquiry had been called for by the International Olympic Committee who were concerned that the controversy undermined the results of the competition in Beijing . Watch tiny gymnasts work out " China provided passports , ID cards and family registers for He Kexin , Yang Yilin , Jiang Yuyuan , Deng Linlin and Li Shanshan , all showing the girls were 16 or would turn 16 this year . "  We have received all we could possibly ask for , " FIG secretary general Andre Gueisbuhler told Associated Press . "  All of them confirm the age that they should be , so what can we do ? " he added . The Chinese women 's gymnastics team won a gold medal in a team competition in Beijing and five members won individual medals . One of the challenges came from a blogger known as "  Stryde Hax . " The blogger claimed to have uncovered proof that He Kexin is only 14 . In Internet searches , "  Stryde Hax " allegedly uncovered Web pages showing lists complied by China 's General Administration of Sport that show a 1994 date of birth for He . That would make her 14 -- too young to compete in the Olympic Games . CNN was not been able to independently verify the information , but snapshots of the Web pages appeared to back up the claim . Other bloggers joined the search and reported similar results . The New York Times conducted its own investigation , producing similar results that seem to implicate He and two other members of the team . The Times uncovered a 2006 biography on He that lists her birthday as January 1 , 1994 . But Chinese gymnastics coaches have stridently defended their team . "  Asians have different figures than people from the West , so that 's what caused their suspicion , " said Huang Yubin , head coach of the men 's and women 's teams , referring to media inquiries . "  They should n't be suspicious . " It was not all good news for the Chinese gymnasts , with the FIG announcing that it would step up its investigation into the 2000 team which won the bronze medal at the Sydney Olympics , particularly Dong Fangxiao and Yang Yun . Yang , who also won a bronze medal on the uneven bars in 2000 , said in a June 2007 interview that aired on state broadcaster China Central Television that she was only 14 in Sydney Dong , who was a technical official for the Chinese team in Beijing , allegedly provided documents for her credentials which indicated that she too must have been only 14 in 2000 . Gueisbuhler warned that legal and statute of limitation issues might hinder further scrutiny and sanctions against the 2000 Chinese team . Underage gymnasts have been a problem since the 1980s , when the minimum age was raised from 14 to 15 to protect young athletes from serious injuries . The minimum age was raised to its current 16 in 1997 . North Korea was barred from the 1993 world championships after FIG officials discovered Kim Gwang Suk , the 1991 gold medalist on uneven bars , was listed as 15 for three years in a row . Romania admitted in 2002 that several gymnasts ' ages had been falsified , including Olympic medalists Gina Gogean and Alexandra Marinescu . In women 's gymnastics , younger teenage girls can have an advantage over older competitors due to their often smaller , more agile bodies and lighter frames . Copyright 2008 CNN . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed . Associated Press contributed to this report .	China 's gold medal gymnasts cleared of competing while under age limit of 16 International Gymnastics Federation announces decision after investigation Further doubt cast on members of the 2000 Chinese Olympic squad IOC ordered probe after widespread claims that Chinese squad were too young
CNN  -- Last year 's world champion Lewis Hamilton has claimed pole position for Sunday 's inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix while his successor as Formula One 's top driver , Jenson Button , qualified fifth . Hamilton will be looking to end a disappointing year for McLaren with victory in the season finale at the new Yas Marina circuit , but even with a win can do no better than hold onto his fifth overall placing in F1 's first day-night event . The 24-year-old will start a race from the front of the grid for the 17th time in his career , and the fourth in the last seven races , after setting the fastest time in all three sessions . He clocked a best lap of one minute 40.948 seconds as the sun set on Saturday evening to head off the Red Bull duo of Sebastian Vettel and Mark Webber . Vettel , whose bid to prevent Button clinching the world title ended last time out in Brazil , timed 1:41.615 while Webber recorded 1:41.726 . "  The car is the best it has been all year . It was a smooth lap , and it just kept getting better and better , " Hamilton told reporters . "  The place is just stunning . They all said it would be a great event , but it 's mind-blowing . It 's a great place to come to , a great country . The weather has been great and the people are so respectful and so welcoming . I hope we can put on a great show tomorrow . " Button 's bid to ensure the first all-British front row since 1995 came to nothing as he was out-qualified by teammate Rubens Barrichello for the 10th time this season . The Brazilian is expected to be making his final race outing for world champions Brawn , who are expected to sign Nico Rosberg from Williams . The German , who announced during the week that he will be leaving the British team , qualified ninth as Toyota 's Jarno Trulli and BMW Sauber duo Robert Kubica and Nick Heidfeld took sixth , seventh and eighth places . Kimi Raikkonen , who will be making his final race appearance for Ferrari , finished outside the top-10 for only the third time this season , and will start in 11th behind Toro Rosso 's Sebastien Buemi . Heikki Kovalainen 's chances of keeping his drive with McLaren took a blow as he finished 15th after suffering gearbox problems . The Finn , fastest in Friday 's practice sessions , was just ahead of two-time world champion Fernando Alonso , who along with Renault teammate Romain Grosjean failed to make it beyond the opening 20-minute session . Alonso , at least , can look forward to joining Ferrari as Raikkonen 's replacement , but Frenchman Grosjean faces an uncertain future as he has failed to take his chance since taking over from the sacked Nelson Piquet Jr. . Former world champions Ferrari will prop up the grid as veteran Giancarlo Fisichella again struggled ahead of what could be the final race of his career as he will be the team 's reserve driver next year when the injured Felipe Massa returns .	Last year 's world champion Lewis Hamilton claims pole position for inaugural Abu Dhabi Grand Prix His successor Jenson Button qualifies fifth behind Brawn teammate Rubens Barrichello Red Bull duo Sebastien Vettel and Mark Webber second and third for F1 's first day-night race Button has an unassailable lead going into the final race of the 2009 season
CNN  -- A sharp increase in the number of reported cases of the H1N1 virus in Australia may prompt the World Health Organization  WHO  to declare the first global pandemic in over forty years . Australian rugby league star Karmichael Hunt is one of several players being tested for the H1N1 virus . The number of Australian cases of the virus , commonly known as swine flu , has reached more than 1,200 , with state and federal medical officers set to hold an emergency meeting in Sydney to review the country 's swine flu protection measures . "  We will take each decision along the way in response to the expert medical advice , " Prime Minister Kevin Rudd told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . On Wednesday it was announced that the entire Brisbane Broncos rugby league squad had been placed into quarantine after one of their players was suspected of having the virus . The Queensland club confirmed on its Web site that full-back Karmichael Hunt was being tested for the virus , while the sport 's governing body , the National Rugby League  NRL  , said Hunt had tested positive for the common flu , influenza A. With over 26,000 H1N1 cases worldwide , the WHO could move to Phase 6 , the highest on its pandemic alert system . "  It 's really a matter of making sure that countries are prepared as possible . We do not want people to overly panic , " Keiji Fukuda , WHO 's Assistant Director General , told ABC . In a statement a day earlier , Fukuda said the WHO had been working extremely hard preparing countries for what a potential move to a global pandemic would entail . "  I want to point out that by going to Phase 6 the activity has become established in at least two regions of the world , " he said . "  It does not mean that the severity of the situation has increased and that people are getting seriously sick at higher numbers or higher rates than they are right now . "	Australian cases of the H1N1 virus reach more than 1,200 Phase 6 is highest on pandemic alert system and means global pandemic Designation does not reflect the severity of the disease , but how widespread it is
Washington  CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden sounded like someone who wants to be President when he spoke to CNN 's "  New Day " on Friday . He talked about America 's potential and its role as a global leader , as well as his commitment to helping the middle class . He never mentioned the overwhelming early favorite for the 2016 Democratic nomination -- former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . What would the Democrats do without Clinton in 2016 ? Clearly Biden , the longtime senator who now is the White House conduit to blue-collar union workers essential to Democratic support , is seriously considering a presidential run . Asked by CNN 's Kate Bolduan when he would decide , Biden answered a realistic timetable would be the summer of 2015 . That response , and a closer look at Biden 's words Friday , also show that if Clinton decides to run -- as expected -- then Biden will step aside . "  He is effectively saying , look , it depends on what Hillary Clinton decides to do , " noted Gloria Borger , CNN 's chief political analyst . Here are some of Biden 's remarks in the interview with Bolduan , and a look at what he was really saying : 1  "  There may be reasons I do n't run , but there 's no obvious reason for me why I think I should not run . " Biden is hedging his bets . He acknowledges it may not happen , but makes clear the reason wo n't be because he does n't want to or is n't qualified for the job . That 's another way of saying there are circumstances beyond his control , meaning a Clinton decision to enter the race . Supporters are already raising money for the former first lady and senator who served with Biden in President Barack Obama 's Cabinet and would be the nation 's first woman President . First on CNN : Ready for Hillary heads to South Carolina Clinton has said she will make up her mind sometime in 2014 . Polls show her with a commanding lead over other possible Democratic contenders , including Biden . CNN/ORC Poll : Christie 's loss appears to be Clinton 's gain 2  "  Realistically , a year this summer . " Biden 's answer when Bolduan asks for a timetable for his decision is the clearest signal that his choice depends on whether Clinton runs . To Peter Hamby , CNN Digital 's national political reporter , waiting until the middle of 2015 -- just six months or so before the Iowa caucuses -- would be way too late to take on Clinton . "  If these guys are going to get in and run for president , whoever it is , challenging Hillary Clinton , they really have to start laying groundwork , " Hamby said . "  They have to raise money and hire staff and recruit volunteers in these early states . " Hillary Clinton 's Iowa problem As vice president , Biden has the advantage of constant media focus if desired , which would help him maintain a high profile without some of the normal steps of mounting a presidential campaign . That could help if Clinton does n't run and lesser-known contenders such as Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley enter the race . However , Biden 's lag in announcing his candidacy would leave him at a huge disadvantage against a Clinton campaign expected to have the backing of the party machinery . Does Obama secretly support Hillary Clinton for 2016 ? 3  "  Am I the best qualified person to focus on the two things I 've spent my whole life on -- give ordinary people a fighting chance to make it and a sound foreign policy that 's based on national interest of the United States , where we not only are known for the power of our military , but the power of our example . " Biden lays out his rationale for running , stressing his two major strengths as a candidate -- foreign policy and working-class ties . As the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , Biden has the necessary foreign policy credentials , particularly against candidate ABC  Anybody But Clinton  . However , her four years as secretary of state negates some or all of a Biden advantage . On appealing to middle class workers , Biden showed his strength in the 2010 and 2012 elections when he went to states such as Ohio where Obama was less popular . In Clinton , though , he would face the wife of former President Bill Clinton , who remains extremely popular among traditional Democratic constituencies . In Friday 's interview , Biden did n't mention Hillary Clinton by name , but she is the biggest factor in whether he goes for it . 4  "  It does n't mean I 'm the only guy that can do it , but if no one else I think can and I think I can , then I will . If I do n't I wo n't . " The vice president sums up his future decision with two qualifiers -- that no else runs who can do what he can , and that he still thinks he can deliver the goods . Biden could decide that he is better qualified than Clinton on what he considers the key issues , but he would have to think twice if her already anticipated campaign has started strongly and generated initial momentum . If he were to run and win in 2016 , Biden would be 74 when he took office , making him the oldest ever to begin a presidency . By the end of his first term , he would be the oldest U.S. President in history . So while he remains energetic and passionate , talking about getting his Corvette Z06 from zero to 60 in 3.4 seconds , the clock is ticking and Biden knows it . A more diverse slate of GOP presidential possibles Christie and Perry : ` They just do n't like each other ' Sen. Paul : Lewinsky scandal still a liability for Democrats Romney on 2016 : ` The answer is no ' Ryan : ` Not closing my options ' Jeb Bush not saying no to 2016	Vice President Biden tells CNN 's "  New Day " he 'll decide on a presidential bid in mid-2015 Biden sounds raring to go , but his words hint Hillary Clinton has the edge Among Democrats , Biden looks good against candidate ABC  Anybody But Clinton If he runs and wins in 2016 , Biden would be the oldest to begin a presidency
CNN  -- The past few weeks have been hard for 9-year-old Thomas Goodall , who lost his grandmother in early October . It was the first major loss of a loved one for the boy with autism from North Baddesley , England , who relies on a consistent routine to avoid meltdowns , his father , Ross Goodall , said Things finally began to take a turn for better on Monday , when Thomas received a comforting video message from actor Peter Capaldi , who plays Thomas ' favorite TV character on "  Doctor Who . " For the first time since his grandmother 's death , Thomas smiled . "  I think it probably meant everything to him , " his father told CNN . "  I think it gave him the emotional support that we as parents could n't . " After Ross Goodall uploaded the video to YouTube on Thursday for family to see , others took notice and started sharing it , drawing more than 200,000 views in 48 hours . It did n't come out of the blue . Thomas comes from a household of Whovians , where sonic screwdrivers , robot Daleks and TARDIS time-travel machines make up much of the decor . What fate awaits "  Doctor Who " in the finale ? The fanaticism extends to Thomas ' fashion choices . His signature outfit consists of a checkered shirt , suspenders and bow tie in honor of the 11th incarnation of the time-traveling doctor played by Matt Smith -- one of Thomas ' favorite doctors . Other days , he wears a pair of Converse sneakers , 10th doctor David Tennant 's trademark look . When Capaldi took over the role from Smith in 2013 , it was a big deal for Thomas , Ross Goodall said . To help cope with the change , Thomas sent Capaldi a letter in September letting him know that he looks forward to following Capaldi 's adventures as the new Doctor Who . Capaldi responded with a letter and autographed headshot . After Thomas ' grandmother died , Ross Goodall reached out to Capaldi through his agent and explained that Thomas was having a hard time dealing with the death of his grandmother . Capaldi came through with the video . "  Thank you very much for your letter . I really enjoyed getting it because , you see , when Clara and I are traveling around time and space , sometimes bad things happen to us . And , you know what , Thomas , sometimes sad things happen to us , too , so it 's nice to know that there 's somebody like you out there who 's on our side , and you should know that we 're on your side . "  So you look after yourself , take care and be happy . "	"  We 're on your side , " actor Peter Capaldi tells fan grieving loss of his grandmother 9-year-old Thomas Goodall comes from a home of "  Dr. Who " fans , or Whovians Thomas wrote a letter to Capaldi when he took over role from Matt Smith
CNN  -- Here is a look at what you need to know about the solstice . Summer solstice will take place on June 21 , 2013 . Summer solstice in the Northern Hemisphere occurs on June 20 , 21 , or 22 , when the sun reaches its most northerly point , directly overhead at the Tropic of Cancer  23 degrees 27 minutes north latitude  . The summer solstice is the longest day of the year and marks the beginning of summer . Winter solstice in the Northern Hemisphere occurs on December 21 or 22 , when the sun appears at its most southerly position , directly overhead at the Tropic of Capricorn  23 degrees 27 minutes south latitude  . The winter solstice is the shortest day of the year and marks the beginning of winter . It is the exact opposite in the Southern Hemisphere . A solstice is different from an equinox , the two times each year when the sun is directly above the Earth 's equator and day and night are of equal length . Equinoxes mark the beginning of spring  March  and fall  September  . Solstice loosely translated in Latin is "  sun stands still " . For several days before and after each solstice the sun appears to stand still in the sky , i.e. , its noontime elevation does not seem to change from day to day . Historically , the solstice has been celebrated by numerous cultures around the world . Thousands of people annually celebrate the summer solstice at Stonehenge in Wiltshire , England . At sunrise at Stonehenge on the longest day of the year , the rising sun appears behind one of the main stones , creating the illusion that the sun is balancing on the stone . The site was closed for 16 years after rioting broke out between police and revelers for several years at solstice gatherings . Stonehenge was re-opened to the public on Solstice in 2000 .	The solstice happens twice each year when the sun is at either its northernmost or southernmost position Summer solstice will occur on June 21 , 2013 at 5:04 am UT in the Northern Hemisphere Winter solstice will take place on December 21 , 2013 at 5:11 pm UT in the Northern Hemisphere
CNN  -- Michael J. Fox may star as an accomplished former news anchor and family man in NBC 's Michael J. Fox Show , but that does n't mean he does n't have aspirations to be anything else â $ " like a superhero . The new first look at the fall comedy provides glimpses at the show 's offbeat humor , including a scene in which Mike wishes his medicine 's side effects were cooler , like "  anything Aquaman does . " The Michael J. Fox Show stars Fox as Mike Henry , a news anchor with Parkinson 's returning to work , and "  Breaking Bad " 's Betsy Brandt as his wife Annie Henry , relieved he 's finally getting out of the house . The show also features "  The Wire " 's Wendell Pierce as Henry 's former boss and new addition Anne Heche as anchor/nemesis Susan Rodriguez-Jones . Michael J. Fox : Parkinson 's is frustrating and funny Check out the first look at the upcoming fall series here . The Michael J. Fox Show premieres Thursday , Sept. 26 , at 9 p.m. in a special one-hour episode before shifting into its regular Thursday 9:30 p.m. slot on NBC . See the original story at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael J. Fox stars as a news anchor with Parkinson 's in his new show In new preview clip , we see Fox finding humor in his condition The show also stars Anne Heche as Fox 's nemesis
CNN  -- In a headline that calls out for attention -- "  A Gender Reversal on Career Aspirations " -- the Pew Research Center reports that two-thirds of young women now say "  being successful in a high-paying career or profession " is one of the most important goals in their lives . While it may not be surprising that these women express more ambition than their mothers and grandmothers , it is surprising when they also display more ambition than their male peers . Is this a sign , then , that we are witnessing "  a gender reversal " ? Or does it represent a kind of denial -- on the part of young women and men -- about the obstacles they will ultimately face at the workplace and in life ? In the same poll , marriage and parenthood remain important life goals for all young adults , with 86 % of women and 82 % of men listing marriage as "  very important " or "  one of the most important things " in life . Children are even more desired , with 95 % of young women and 90 % of young men placing "  being a good parent " in these same categories . Yet young people 's actions , at least when it comes to family commitments , appear at odds with these stated aspirations . Young people are not only postponing marriage , they are also far more likely than earlier generations to believe it is better to stay single than to enter or stay in a dissatisfying relationship . Moreover , while young women see marriage as desirable , they do not believe it is essential to their own happiness or to becoming a parent . The gap between young women 's high aspirations -- for relationships and parenthood along with paid work -- and their increasing tendency to remain "  on their own " suggest that they are hardly naive . On the contrary , their career goals represent a realistic and cool-eyed assessment of how best to secure their own well-being , along with the well-being of any children they bear . In a world where women know they are likely to shoulder the responsibilities of supporting a family , often on their own , it is more dangerous to scale back ambitions than to give in to the obstacles they know they will likely encounter . Focusing on self-development at the workplace does not , however , mean jettisoning hopes for a rich family life . When I interviewed young people about their experiences and outlooks , I found that women and men alike overwhelmingly say they want to combine committed work with a satisfying lifelong partnership between equals . They are also rightly skeptical about their chances of achieving this high standard . Women are particularly aware of how hard it is to sustain a relationship , especially in the context of persistent work-family conflicts and rising financial uncertainty . An egalitarian partnership may be the ideal , but most young women see self-reliance through paid work as essential to their survival , offering the option to choose the right relationship , maintain a measure of autonomy within it and go it alone if nothing better comes along . So what about young men ? Men 's prospects have dimmed in finding the kind of stable jobs and careers their fathers and grandfathers took for granted . With the uncertainties of the new economy , where few jobs offer lifetime security , men 's scaled back aspirations are as understandable as women 's rising goals . Men , too , are caught on the horns of a dilemma , torn between the difficulty of establishing a steady career and strong pressures to define their worth by the size of the paycheck . As women 's career aspirations rise and men 's tumble , this declining gender gap should serve as a wake-up call . Younger generations want to combine the personal pursuit of challenging , well-rewarded paid work with the pleasures and responsibilities of a committed family life . In fact , earlier Pew surveys found 73 % of Americans believe that women 's employment has been a "  change for the better , " while 62 % say that sharing the responsibilities of paid work and rearing children is "  more satisfying than a more traditional marriage . " But as long as careers require unfettered , constant devotion and caretaking remains undervalued , privatized and penalized , the goal of striking their desired balance between paid work and the rest of life will remain illusive for young women and men alike . The answer is to stop worrying about a gender reversal and focus instead on the institutional and cultural changes -- such as flexible careers and supports for caretakers of all stripes -- that will make genuine equality possible . It is past time to finish the gender revolution that began with women 's march into the workplace . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kathleen Gerson .	Pew poll reports that young women have higher earning aspirations than young men Kathleen Gerson : Young people 's actions appear at odds with what they say Since traditional gender roles are eroding , young women value careers , says Gerson She says new generation wants work life balance , but there are many challenges
CNN  -- A woman watching the Dakar Rally in Argentina died Saturday after a vehicle in the event went off the track , striking her and other fans , race organizers said . Sonia Natalia Gallardo died Saturday afternoon at a hospital in Cordoba , Argentina , race organizers said in a statement on the event 's Web site . The others who were hit were being treated for "  slight injuries , " the statement said . The incident , which involved German driver Mirco Schultis and Swiss partner Ulrich Leardi , occurred in the race 's first stage , from Buenos Aires to Cordoba , the organizers said . Schultis and Leardi were driving in a 4x4 Desert Warrior truck , according to the Web site . Tomas Fragueiro , a photojournalist with Argentina 's La Voz del Interior , witnessed the accident and told CNN that he helped police and medical teams take care of the victims . "  I was in the internal zone of the 30-kilometer curve where most reporters were standing , " said Fragueiro in a telephone interview . "  Security did not include the security tapes required in most races and -LSB- Gallardo -RSB- was standing outside a safety zone , " he said . Race officials offered their condolences to the victim 's family and called for organizers and authorities to "  exercise the greatest care and keep within special ` spectator zones . ' " Established in 1978 , the Dakar race is an intrepid , off-the-beaten-path rally that involves modified vehicles . Known for its strenuous itineraries , the race first took place from Paris , France , to Dakar , Senegal , and later moved to other regions of the world . This year 's Dakar race is in South America for the first time . The race spans from Argentina to Chile from January 1 to 17 . CNN 's Helena De Moura contributed to this report .	Sonia Natalia Gallardo dies at a hospital in Cordoba , race organizers say The incident involved German driver Mirco Schultis and Czech partner Ulrich Leardi Spectator was standing "  outside a safety zone , " photojournalist says
CNN  -- Latin American nations overwhelmingly rejected nearly 50 years of U.S. policy toward Cuba on Wednesday , voting at a meeting of the Organization of American States in Honduras to revoke the communist nation 's 1962 suspension from the multinational group . Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya Rosales says farewell to Hillary Clinton at Wednesday 's OAS meeting . Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya Rosales said at the end of the two-day meeting in the city of San Pedro Sula that the OAS had rectified a serious error . The United States led the push to suspend Cuba from the OAS at the height of the Cold War , also breaking diplomatic relations with the island nation in 1961 and establishing an economic embargo the next year . "  This is an important message to the whole world , not just our continent , " Zelaya said , later adding , "  The Cold War ended today in San Pedro Sula . " The United States sought to obtain concessions from Cuba this year in exchange for readmission to the 35-nation group . In particular , the United States wants greater political and personal freedoms for the island 's 11 million citizens . Cuba rejected any preconditions , with former President Fidel Castro saying this week Cuba had no interest in rejoining the OAS . Although the OAS lifted Cuba 's suspension , Latin leaders did not automatically welcome the nation back . Instead , the OAS set up a mechanism by which Cuba could rejoin . Much of that dialogue will center on human rights . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said she was "  pleased " with the outcome , which came on a voice vote with no opposition . "  The member nations of the OAS showed flexibility and openness today , and as a result we reached a consensus that focuses on the future instead of the past : Cuba can come back into the OAS in the future if the OAS decides that its participation meets the purposes and principles of the organization , including democracy and human rights , " Clinton said in a statement . She attended the two-day meeting but left before the vote to travel to Egypt , where President Obama was to make a major address to the Muslim world Thursday . Some analysts agreed with Clinton 's assessment . "  The OAS emerged from a heated debate with a constructive compromise that revokes an obsolete Cold War resolution suspending Cuba , " said Robert Pastor , who was a Latin America national security adviser for President Carter in the late 1970s . "  But rather than invite Cuba to join the OAS , which Cuba said it would not do , it invited Cuba to initiate a dialogue on the purposes and principles of the OAS . " Others saw the vote as an outright rebuke for an outdated U.S. policy . "  I would n't say it was inevitable , but it was almost so , " said Wayne Smith , who worked as a top level official at the U.S. Embassy in Cuba from 1958 to 1961 during the Cuban Revolution that brought Castro to power . "  The U.S. was totally isolated on this , " said Smith , who also was the chief of mission at the U.S. interests section in Havana from 1979-82 . "  The United States had some legitimate points on readmitting Cuba , " Smith said , but went about it wrong . Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs policy institute , saw the vote as a personal defeat for Clinton . "  This will be presented in Latin America as a big defeat for Hillary Clinton because people are not ready to take a swat at Obama yet , " Birns said . "  It was hers to win , but she managed to lose it . " The United States is being "  hypercautious , " he said , rather than taking imaginative and bold steps toward normalizing relations . Analysts said many people in Latin America expected more from the newly elected Obama , who ran on a mantra of "  change . " Said Smith : "  The Obama policy has reflected so little change that the other countries are just fed up . " And many Latins gauge the United States -- long considered with suspicion , if not outright hostility -- by its stance toward Cuba . "  The road to rehabilitating relations with Latin America is through Havana , " Birns said . "  That 's something that the Latin Americans are very responsive to . " Heather Berkman , a Latin America analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm , saw the vote as "  a largely symbolic gesture that will have little impact in the short term either on improving democracy and human rights on the island , or on increasing the likelihood that the U.S. will lift the embargo of the island . " And the vote could have a backlash , she said . "  There will be a strong reaction among certain members of U.S. Congress who are passionately opposed to improving U.S.-Cuba relations while the Castros remain in power , " Berkman said . That reaction was quick to come Wednesday . "  Today we witnessed an example of the Obama administration 's absolute diplomatic incompetence and its unrestricted appeasement of the enemies of the United States , " Cuban-American U.S. Reps. Lincoln Diaz-Balart , R-Florida , and Mario Diaz-Balart , R-Florida , said in a joint statement . "  The OAS is a putrid embarrassment . " Other Cuban-American members of Congress also released statements criticizing the vote . The United States provides about 60 percent of OAS funding , Berkman said , and some members of Congress have threatened to withhold the money if Cuba is allowed back into the organization . Some old Latin America hands agree that the OAS may have hurt itself . "  I never cease to be amazed at how destructive some of these Latin American leaders can be , " said Otto Reich , who served in high-level Latin American posts for Presidents Reagan , George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush . "  They chose to revive something out of the Cold War . " The Latin leaders , Reich said , misread Washington . "  Some of these countries have further isolated themselves from the Obama administration , " Reich said . "  It will be a long time before they regain the trust of the American government . " Reich , a strong anti-communist , also opposed the vote on ideological grounds . "  The problem is that the conditions that suspended Cuba still exist , " he said . "  Cuba has n't changed . "	OAS revokes a 1962 decision suspending Cuba 's membership The 35-member Organization of American States met this week in Honduras U.S. had led push toward the 1962 suspension during Cold War 's height U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says she 's "  pleased " with the outcome
CNN  -- Angelina Jolie 's stunning announcement that she had a preventive double mastectomy raised both awareness and questions about the gene that led to her decision -- BRCA1 . So what is the gene , and how can it increase a woman 's risks for breast and ovarian cancers ? A primer : What is BRCA1 ? BRCA1 and BRCA 2 are types of tumor-suppressing genes , according to the National Cancer Institute . In normal cells , those genes help stabilize the cell 's DNA and help prevent uncontrollable cell growth . But harmful mutations in BRCA genes can lead to breast or ovarian cancer . Five reasons we love Angelina Jolie What do BRCA1 and BRCA2 stand for ? The acronyms stem from the full names of the genes : breast cancer susceptibility gene 1 and breast cancer susceptibility gene 2 . What 's the difference between BRCA1 and BRCA2 ? The genes are very similar . But harmful mutations in BRCA1 can lead to breast cancers that are harder to treat because they do n't respond to hormone therapies used to treat tumors that occur more often in women with BRCA2 mutations , according to The Breast Care Site . What 's the likelihood of getting breast or ovarian cancer if you have a BRCA mutation ? About 12 % of all women will develop breast cancer sometime in their lives , the National Cancer Institute says . But for women with a harmful BRCA mutation , the risk of breast cancer quintuples to 60 % . Myriad Genetics , which created a test to screen for such mutations , said the risk of breast cancer can be as high as 87 % for those with BRCA abnormalities . As for ovarian cancer , about 1.4 % of women will have the disease sometime in their lives , according to the National Cancer Institute . But the risk for women with a harmful BRCA mutation increases to 15 % to 40 % . How surgeons build new breasts How can you tell if you have BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations ? A blood test at a hospital or doctor 's office can help detect BRCA1 and BRCA2 mutations , according to the National Cancer Institute . Results could take several weeks , as the test must be performed by a laboratory that specializes in the screening . But testing can cost anywhere from several hundred to several thousand dollars , and insurance companies may or may not cover the cost . Only women with increased risk from family history are likely to benefit from such genetic testing , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Only 3 % to 5 % of women who develop breast cancer have a BRCA mutation , and about 10 % to 15 % of women with ovarian cancer have a BRCA mutation . Can BRCA abnormalities affect men ? Yes . Although only 1 % of all breast cancers occur in men , having a BRCA mutation means an increased risk , particularly for men with BRCA2 mutations , according to The Breast Care Site . Harmful BRCA mutations also raise a man 's chance of developing cancer of the pancreas , skin or prostate . Why more women are choosing double mastectomies	Mutations in the tumor-suppressing gene BRCA1 can increase the risk of cancer Harmful BRCA mutations can increase a woman 's risk for breast cancer five times A test can help detect mutations , but can cost hundreds or thousands of dollars Most women with breast or ovarian cancers do n't have a BRCA mutation
NBC was wary of "  The Cosby Show . " Sure , Bill Cosby was a successful advertising pitchman and in-demand comedian . But for all his success , he had n't had a hit prime-time television show since "  I Spy " in the '60s . Little did they know . "  The Cosby Show , " starring Cosby as doctor and family man Cliff Huxtable , premiered 30 years ago this week , on Thursday , September 20 , 1984 . It was expected to be a strong second to CBS ' hit "  Magnum , P.I. " Instead , it became a phenomenon : the No. 1 show in television five years running , the program that turned Bill Cosby into Bill Cosby . Its effects were n't limited to its star . Thursdays became TV 's biggest night , with "  Cosby " leading a murderers ' row of NBC shows including "  Cheers , " "  Night Court " and "  L.A. Law " -- and eventually "  Seinfeld , " "  Frasier , " "  Friends " and "  ER . " NBC , after spending the late '70s and early '80s as television 's lowest-rated network , vaulted into the No. 1 spot and held it , on and off , for two decades . The sitcom genre , which had fallen on hard times , was recharged . You can draw a direct line from "  The Cosby Show " to "  Roseanne , " "  Home Improvement " and "  Everybody Loves Raymond . " And some observers have even credited the show , with its upscale , photogenic black family , with smoothing the way for another African-American family to rise -- all the way to the White House . "  Before Obama , There Was Bill Cosby , " headlined a story in The New York Times in describing the "  Cosby Effect . " But Bill Cosby was a trailblazer long before "  The Cosby Show " came along . As "  Cosby : His Life and Times , " a new biography by Mark Whitaker -- a former Newsweek editor and CNN executive -- points out , the man has been a cultural influence since the early 1960s . "  One of the things that I wanted to do in this book is remind people of all the different ways in which he was a pioneer , " Whitaker said in a phone interview . "  Because ` The Cosby Show ' was such an overwhelming success , there are people who forget that he was a pioneer in so many ways before ` The Cosby Show . ' " Indeed , the man contains multitudes : comedian , actor , philanthropist , activist . He is more than he seems , his rise and success paralleling decades in the life of America . Call it "  The Seven Ages of Cosby . " ` Cosby Show ' : Our 10 favorite moments 1 . The standup comedian In some ways , much of Cosby 's persona was fully formed from the first moment he took the stage in New York 's Greenwich Village in the summer of 1962 . The poor kid from North Philadelphia grew up listening to his grandfather tell Bible stories and his mother share the tales of Mark Twain . Cosby , also informed by a love of jazz , became a champion storyteller , focusing not on the rat-a-tat-tat of jokemeisters but on the deeply American rhythms of tale spinners . "  I do n't think it was an accident that the first routine he really became famous for was about the Bible -- the ` Noah ' routine , " says Whitaker . 2 . The multimedia superstar For all of Cosby 's early success as a comedian , he entered a whole new realm of stardom when he was selected as one of the stars of an NBC espionage drama , "  I Spy . " He was the first black actor to star in a dramatic role on a network TV show , becoming "  television 's Jackie Robinson , " in Variety 's words . "  I Spy " was no sure thing . Cosby had help from producer Sheldon Leonard , who stood up for his raw star when NBC got nervous , and co-star Robert Culp , who refused to make an issue of race . In an era when there were few crossover stars , Cosby was a phenomenon . He won three Emmys for his performances in "  I Spy . " His comedy albums , including "  Wonderfulness " and "  To Russell , My Brother , Whom I Slept With , " were best-sellers . He had plans for improving educational outreach  a personal passion  and he established a model for black stars to come . 3 . Dr. William H. Cosby , Inc. . Cosby had many achievements after "  I Spy " ended its run . On the personal side , he went back to school and earned a doctorate in education from the University of Massachusetts , Amherst .  The subject of his dissertation : the role of another Cosby TV series , "  Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids , " as a teaching aid . He also became TV 's foremost advertising pitchman , making commercials for Jell-O pudding and Coca-Cola . "  The three most believable personalities are God , Walter Cronkite and Bill Cosby , " said a Coke executive . 4 . Everybody 's dad Cosby 's popularity as an advertiser helped lay the groundwork for his return to network television , but first he had to remake himself as a comedian . His '60s routines often revolved around childhood , but by the early '80s Cosby was a 40-something father of five . His new routines looked at family relationships from a parent 's point of view . If this made him seem out of touch to comedians who preferred the brashness of Richard Pryor -- Eddie Murphy did a wicked Cosby parody on "  Saturday Night Live " -- a concert film , "  Bill Cosby : Himself , " showed he still had the touch . Though it failed in theaters , endless runs on HBO earned Cosby a whole new group of admirers . "  As good as ` Richard Pryor : Live in Concert ' is , the Cosby thing , as a piece of standup , I think , is even better , " comedian and producer Larry Wilmore told GQ in 2013 . "  I do n't think there was a better one before it , and I do n't think there 's been a better one since . " 5 . Cosbymania ! And then came "  The Cosby Show . " Aside from the boost it gave both Cosby and NBC , the sitcom was notable in other ways . It took advantage of its hit status to showcase a number of notable black entertainers , including Sammy Davis Jr. , Lena Horne and Stevie Wonder . In fact , the Wonder episode , which featured the keyboardist using a synthesizer to record and manipulate audio , later inspired hip-hop artists to make sampling a part of their mix . The Huxtable home in Brooklyn Heights also featured paintings by black artists -- an extension of a love of art by Cosby and his wife , Camille -- and even made colorful sweaters a thing .  Yes , Cosby was well aware that not all the sweaters were attractive . 30 years later , the Cosby sweater still rules The show was sometimes criticized for presenting a sanitized view of the black family -- one that seemed oblivious to the issues of being black in America -- but Whitaker says that , too , was deliberate . "  Cosby was very aware of the power of television , " says Whitaker . "  When  coming into your living room to 35 and 40 million people a week , presenting a positive image -- not only to white viewers but to black viewers -- was deeply powerful and healthy . " 6 . Touched by tragedy "  The Cosby Show " went off the air in 1992 . Cosby 's devotion to education paid particular dividends in the post - "  Cosby " age . A "  Cosby " spinoff , "  A Different World , " "  created an explosion in applications , enrollment and graduation rates at black colleges , " wrote HBCUDigest.com 's Jarrett L. Carter . Cosby himself donated to many schools , most notably a $ 20 million bequest to Atlanta 's Spelman College . But the '90s also gave Cosby some of his most difficult challenges . A woman named Autumn Jackson claimed that she was his daughter and demanded $ 40 million . He admitted an affair with Jackson 's mother , but denied paternity and Jackson later served time for extortion . Cosby also suffered the loss of his son , Ennis , who was killed in an attempted robbery . The actor coped with the loss of his son by establishing a scholarship in Ennis ' name and routinely wearing a sweatshirt with "  Hello Friend " -- Ennis ' greeting -- at concerts . 7 . The wise elder In the 21st century , Cosby has attracted more attention for his statements about the need for African-Americans to take responsibility for their lives . For that , he was depicted as a curmudgeon and a conservative , taking heat from such black writers as Michael Eric Dyson and Ta-Nehisi Coates , though Coates , in particular , later changed his view . But Whitaker says that Cosby is simply stressing a philosophy he 's had all along , one that emphasizes education , social organizations and personal responsibility . The writer believes that in the time that he has left , Cosby is trying to be a positive role model , donating money to schools , meeting with children , and showing up at churches . "  You may disagree with his message , but he puts his money and his time where his mouth is , " Whitaker says . And Cosby has n't slowed . At 77 , he maintains a steady concert schedule and he has a new TV series in the works . But 30 years after "  The Cosby Show " premiered , Cosby 's legacy , says the author , will be his ability to bring people together . "  He was the entertainer who helped black people and white people -- but beyond that , all people -- see that they had more in common than they had differences , " says Whitaker . "  He got them all to laugh together , and it 's really hard to be angry at people when you 're in the same room all laughing at the same thing . "	Bill Cosby 's career not defined by "  The Cosby Show " Comedian was pioneering black actor , notable philanthropist Exec : "  Three most believable personalities are God , Walter Cronkite and Bill Cosby " New book chronicles Cosby 's influential life
Tokyo  CNN  -- Attempts by the operator of Japan 's stricken nuclear power plant to deal with alarming leaks of toxic water are like a game of "  whack-a-mole , " the country 's industry minister said this week . The time has come for the government to step in , Toshimitsu Motegi believes . Report : Fukushima 's radiation damaged more souls than bodies A litany of problems has beset the Fukushima Daiichi power plant since it was crippled by the devastating earthquake and tsunami that struck northeast Japan in 2011 . The most troubling at the moment is how to contain the swelling volume of radioactive water flowing from the damaged reactor buildings . Last week another calamity added itself to the catalog of worrying incidents . Read more : Street view shows Fukushima nuclear ghost town Hundreds of tons of contaminated water leaked from a huge storage tank , one of close to a thousand hulking containers at the plant . Japan 's Nuclear Regulation Authority declared the leak a "  serious incident , " its gravest warning since the 2011 natural disaster triggered a meltdown in three reactors . Weeks ago , plant operator , Tokyo Electric Power Company  Tepco  , admitted that radioactive groundwater was leaking into the Pacific Ocean from the site , bypassing an underground barrier built to seal in the water . ` Whack-a-mole ' Tepco said this week that it is taking measures to tackle the problems at the site , including stepping up inspections of the water tanks and other possible sources of leaks . It has transferred the remaining contaminated water from the leaky tank to another container . The company 's president , Natomi Hirose , said Monday that it may bring in experts from outside of Japan to help advise the task force that is dealing with the toxic water crisis . Opinion : What Japanese leaders can learn from Fukushima But the government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe , which had already expressed dissatisfaction with Tepco 's response , appears to have lost patience . "  Countermeasures led by Tepco to stop the contaminated water leaks have been like a "  whack-a-mole " arcade game , " Motegi said Monday after a visit to the plant . "  From now on , the government is going to step forward . " His comments reinforce the words of Abe , who said earlier this month that the contaminated water crisis at the site "  is not an issue where we can let Tepco take complete responsibility . " Abe said the problem had to be dealt with at "  a national level " and ordered Motegi 's ministry to come up with "  multiple , speedy and sure solutions to this issue . " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said Monday that the ministry 's measures could draw on the government 's reserve funds . But experts say that any potential solutions , such as freezing the ground around the plant or releasing radioactive water into the ocean , are likely to present significant technological and political challenges for the government . Chernobyl visit Against the backdrop of the toxic water crisis at Fukushima , Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida on Sunday visited Chernobyl in the Ukraine , the site of the worst nuclear accident in history . Kishida and his Ukrainian counterpart pledged cooperation between the two countries on dealing with the aftermath of nuclear disasters , the foreign minister said . Read more : Man who battled Japan 's nuclear meltdown dies The scale of the calamity that unfolded at Fukushima , after the tsunami knocked out cooling systems for the three reactors that were operating at the time , is second only to Chernobyl . Meltdowns and hydrogen explosions spewed radioactive particles across many of the surrounding towns , complicating an already historic disaster . Though no deaths have been directly attributed to the accident , tens of thousands of people from towns as far as 25 miles away have been displaced by the disaster . It crippled Tepco financially , and the government had to bail it out . Meanwhile , problems have continued to arise at the plant . Vast volumes of water In March , the company said that a rat was believed to have caused a temporary power outage at the facility . In July , Tepco disclosed that water in a test well at the reactor showed concentrations of radioactive tritium in one well as high as 500,000 becquerels -- a unit of radioactive intensity -- per liter of water . By comparison , Japan 's maximum safe level of radioactivity in drinking water for adults is 300 becquerels per liter . Vast stands of storage tanks have grown up around the plant as the company struggles to deal with the high volume of tainted water . About 400 tons of groundwater flow through the site each day , and Tepco also pumps large amounts water through the buildings to keep the crippled reactors cool . The tank where the leak was discovered last week was one of about 350 tanks built as temporary storage units in the aftermath of the reactor meltdowns . They are among a total of about 1,000 tanks , 93 % of which are already full of radioactive water . Tepco , its regulators and the Japanese government now face the challenge of what to do in the short term with the hundreds of thousands of tons of toxic water stored in tanks similar to the one that leaked . In the longer term , they have to figure out how to deal with all the contaminated water being kept at the plant . And they have to find a way to stop the groundwater from flowing through the site and into the ocean . CNN 's Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	Japan 's industry minister says "  the government is going to step forward " The crippled nuclear plant has been beset by a range of problems The most pressing one is dealing with huge volumes of radioactive water The Fukushima plant was the site of the worst nuclear accident since 1986
CNN  -- On a crisp Halloween night , icicle lights and Santa Clauses mingled with ghosts and jack-o ' - lanterns in a Washington , Illinois , neighborhood . The community is helping a family squeeze in a little extra holiday cheer with their young son . Doctors say 2-year-old Dax Locke is losing his fight with acute myeloid leukemia and may only have weeks to live , so parents Julie and Austin Locke put Christmas lights up outside their home for the little boy , who loves glowing things . Dax opens presents each day under a tree that 's already been up for several weeks . "  We do n't have much time left with Dax , do n't know if he will make it to Christmas , so we wanted to have Christmas early , " Julie Locke told local news station WMBD . Neighbor and friend Trish Hurtgen says she and her husband were inspired by the family 's efforts , so they put up their own lights and encouraged neighbors to do the same . Soon , the entire block was lit up with Christmas lights . They also planned a special surprise for the family . While the Lockes traveled to Chicago 's Shedd Aquarium for a special trip with Dax , the neighborhood banded together to decorate a huge tree in the family 's yard so the Lockes could be delighted when they returned just after Halloween . From there , she and other neighbors have helped encourage people to show silent support for the family by putting up Christmas lights at home and around the community . The effort , called Decorate for Dax , has its own Web site with space for people everywhere to send pictures and see others ' displays . Hurtgen calls the Lockes a "  family of courage " that she found inspirational , and she wanted to help if she could . "  This is a family who stayed united and formed a team to help Dax , " Hurtgen said . "  They gave everything they had . We 're trying to do the same thing . " Dax has spent past holidays at St. Jude Children 's Research Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee , but this year , he 's at home . Save for receiving palliative radiation to improve his quality of life , he is off cancer treatments . Hurtgen says Dax enjoys going for car rides and seeing the lights on around him . The family plans to make a book out of photos that people send so Dax will be able to see all the lights for Christmas if he 's too sick to go outside . iReporter Cindy Miller lives in the area and got involved in local neighborhood decorating projects . She posted a video on CNN iReport to raise awareness of the Decorate for Dax project . She narrated a drive through Dax 's neighborhood shortly after Halloween , and many houses were illuminated . Take a cruise through Dax 's brightened neighborhood During one project , locals put up lights and luminarias at a local park . Miller sent photos and video of the illuminated areas she spotted , including a red , white and green sign with Dax 's name in bright lights . Miller said her heart was warmed by all the work the community put into the decorations , and she was overjoyed to see Dax out with the family amid all the people helping to decorate . "  I sobbed like a baby , but was overjoyed at the show of support for this family who may not have their baby here at Christmastime . It 's unusual to see Christmas lights up so early , but this year , there 's a good reason . " Hurtgen says she 's been surprised by how Decorate for Dax has taken off . Submissions have come from all over the United States and in far-flung countries like Australia and Germany . "  I do n't know how the word is getting out , " Hurtgen said . Hurtgen added that one woman even wrote in to say that her husband , stationed in Afghanistan , was working with fellow troops to photograph a lights display for Dax . Send photos of decorations to CNN Some of the colorful and bright displays she 's seen include big signs with Dax 's name on them and holiday-themed shapes and figurines . Other displays are more humble , like a message from another boy in a hospital and a makeshift tribute inside a tiny apartment . "  It does n't have to be big , just your way of showing support . " The Lockes are n't the only family hosting an early Christmas . Diana Biorkman of South Lyon , Michigan , told CNN affiliate WDIV that her son , Noah , is dying of a Stage 4 neuroblastoma , which is a type of cancer that forms in nerve tissue . Noah loves opening mail , so the family asked people to send him a Christmas card . Word got out , and he started getting gifts and cards from strangers . The family recently picked up a carload of mail and toys . Detroit Tigers baseball player Brandon Inge even sent a card and stopped over for a "  play date " that included building a snow fort with Noah . Hurtgen says the silent show of support works well for their community because Dax needs his rest and the family needs their privacy . Perhaps , she said , people will see this odd display of early lights and wonder what is going on . Maybe they 'll also pause for a moment to think about Dax and about what they can do to help . The family is asking people to make donations to St. Jude . "  That 's what Christmas is about , giving and not needing to get in return . " Everyone is holding out hopes Dax will make it to Christmas . "  Christmas would be a miracle . We 're praying for a big miracle . "	Neighbors put up decorations early for 2-year-old Dax Locke Doctors say Dax , who has acute myeloid leukemia , has just weeks to live Dax 's parents have gotten support from all over the world
CNN  -- When her baby girl takes an afternoon nap , or on those nights when she just ca n't sleep , Sarah Andrews , 32 , tosses off her identity as a suburban stay-at-home mom and becomes something more exotic : a "  virtual deputy " patrolling the U.S.-Mexico border . A Texas program lets Internet users around the world monitor live video from the Mexico border . From her house in a suburb of Rochester , New York , Andrews spends at least four hours a day watching a site called BlueServo.net . There , because of a $ 2 million grant from the state of Texas , anyone in the world can watch grainy live video scenes of cactuses , desert mountains and the Rio Grande along Texas ' portion of the international border . When Andrews spots something she deems suspicious -- perhaps a fuzzy character moving from right to left across the screen or people wading through the river with what appear to be trash bags atop their heads -- she and the site 's 43,000 registered users can send e-mail messages straight to local law enforcement , who then decide whether to act . "  Today , there 's a couple vehicles that are parked side by side next to each other , " she said by phone , her 7-month-old cooing in the background , "  but I ca n't tell what 's going on , you know ? " See sample videos from BlueServo.net " The video site 's supporters see the 15-camera project as a stride forward in U.S. efforts to halt illegal immigration , drug smuggling and border violence . Run by the Texas Border Sheriff 's Coalition , an association of 20 sheriffs from border counties , the project seeks to spread responsibility for the border 's security across the nation 's masses of Internet users . About 20 million people have clicked on BlueServo.net since it launched November 20 , and the Web site has gained national attention at a time when many eyes already were focused on the southern border of the United States . Lawmakers are raising concerns about drug-related violence spilling into the United States from Mexico . And , bucking an upward trend , there has been an apparent decrease in illegal immigration into the United States because of the struggling economy , according to a report from the Department of Homeland Security . Look at where the border wall is located " The Bush administration made a number of attempts to curb illegal immigration from the south . The administration added troops to the area and also built a wall along parts of the U.S.-Mexico border , drawing criticism from environmentalists and immigration advocates . Now , a virtual community says it 's trying to fill gaps in that protection . Rob Abernethy , a 42-year-old factory worker from Lincolnton , North Carolina , said he spends 30 minutes here and there watching the border out of a sense of civic responsibility . "  It may take the efforts of many to get a small result , but that small result could be rewarding or great in the long run , " he said . But critics say the program tempts extremists to become involved in border security , which they say is a job better left to trained professionals . Although there have been no reports of vigilante groups using the site to make arrests , Texas state Sen. Eliot Shapleigh , a Democrat from El Paso , said the program is "  pandering to these groups to keep them politically engaged on this issue . " The program also has been widely criticized as ineffective in Texas newspaper editorials , as well as by some of the Web site 's own users . Since the site was launched in late November , only four arrests can be attributed to the cameras , said Don Reay , executive director of the sheriffs ' coalition , which runs the project with money from Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's office . All of those arrests were related to marijuana trafficking , he said , with about 2,000 pounds of the drug seized . Those are n't the kind of results planners were looking for when they started the program , but Reay says the program 's unseen value is in the fact that it prevents drug-related violence and trafficking . He said sheriffs along the border have seen decreased crime in recent months , partly because of the camera program , although he said he could not cite statistics to back up that claim . Perry 's office said the cameras prevent crime because they do n't "  allow the bad guys to op under the cloak of darkness anymore , " according to Katherine Cesinger , Perry 's spokeswoman . The cameras spy on stretches of the Texas-Mexico border where the border patrol is n't particularly active or where the border wall has n't been constructed , Reay said . He declined to list locations of the cameras for security reasons but said most are hidden on existing structures on private properties . He wants the program to expand "  to cover every place where we do n't have a fence " and says the primary goal of the camera program is to fight crime , not immigration . There 's no evidence that security cameras would deter people from crossing the border , said Stephen Legomsky , a law professor at Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , who specializes in immigration . "  If a person wants to come , they 'll find a point at which they 're willing to cross , " he said , adding that studies show that more people are drowning and dying of dehydration in increasingly daring attempts to cross the border as security increases . Abernethy and Andrews , the two "  virtual deputies , " said they would like to see greater transparency in the project . Both said they have e-mailed notes of suspicious activity to law enforcement , but neither has heard whether their alerts were of any help . "  It 's interesting . You see different things on there , but I just -- I do n't know that it 's doing any good , " said Andrews , the stay-at-home mom . "  I wonder if it 's a waste of time . " She said she hopes her work as "  virtual deputy " will prevent so many drugs from working their way north from Mexico into New York . She also said the site draws her interest because she 's nosy about what 's going on along Texas ' 1,250-mile international border . Abernethy said he will continue to watch the cameras because he feels like he 's part of an altruistic group of volunteers . Friends tease him about watching the site , he said . But he sees it as no worse than any other form of quick entertainment -- and maybe he can be of some help in the process . "  It 's no different than watching ` Everybody Loves Raymond ' reruns , " he said . "  It 's just something to do . "	BlueServo.net lets users watch live video from 15 cameras on Texas-Mexico border Texas put $ 2 million into project to prevent crime and illegal immigration Critics say cameras are ineffective ; only four arrests reported since November Site user : "  It 's no different than watching ` Everybody Loves Raymond ' reruns "
CNN  -- The first U.S. case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome  MERS  coronavirus has been reported in Indiana , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday . The patient is a health-care provider who recently traveled to Saudi Arabia to provide health care , said Dr. Anne Schuchat , assistant surgeon general with the U.S. Public Health Service and director for the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . The person , an American male , traveled on April 24 from Riyadh to London , then to Chicago , and took a bus to Indiana , officials said . He began experiencing shortness of breath , coughing , and fever on April 27 , according to the Indiana State Department of Health . The patient was admitted to Community Hospital in Munster , Indiana , on April 28 , the same day he visited the emergency department there , the health department said . He has been isolated and is in stable condition . He is receiving oxygen support , but does not require a ventilator , Schuchat said . MERS : 5 things to know The virus poses a "  very low risk to the broader general public , " Schuchat said , as it has not been shown to spread easily from person to person . The CDC and the Indiana State Department of Health are conducting a joint investigation into the case , according to a CDC statement . The CDC confirmed Indiana test results on Friday . "  The CDC , IDPH  Illinois Department of Public Health  and CDPH  Chicago Department of Public Health  do not consider passengers on the flight or bus to be close contacts of the patient and therefore are not at high risk , " said Dr. LaMar Hasbrouck , director of the IDPH . Passengers on the same plane and bus as the patient will be contacted by the CDC as a precautionary measure , starting Saturday , the Illinois statement said . If the CDC identifies ill individuals with possible MERS-CoV , it will notify health officials in Chicago and Indiana . "  There is no reason to suspect any current risk to travelers or employees at O'Hare Airport at this time , " said CDPH commissioner Bechara Choucair . The coronavirus , known as MERS-CoV , was first reported in the Middle East -- specifically , the Arabian Peninsula -- in 2012 . Laboratory testing has confirmed 262 cases of the coronavirus in 12 countries , including the Indiana case , Schuchat said . Ninety-three people have died . So far , all MERS cases have been linked to six countries on or near the Arabian Peninsula , Schuchat said . The Saudi Ministry of Health has reported 339 cases , and said nearly a third of those have died . Not all of the Saudi cases have been confirmed by the World Health Organization . "  The MERS virus is of grave concern because of the virulence , " Schuchat said . But , she added , "  We 're not yet aware of confirmed sustained community transmission . " Late last month , Saudi officials noted a spike in new cases . The CDC has expected MERS to come to the United States , Schuchat said . "  We have been preparing for this . " However , "  The introduction of MERS-CoV is another reminder that diseases are just a plane ride away , " she said . Opinion : Why MERS virus is so scary MERS-CoV comes from the same group of viruses as the common cold and attacks the respiratory system , according to the CDC . Symptoms , which include fever , cough and shortness of breath , can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . The CDC has issued general precautions such as frequent hand-washing , avoiding close contact with infected people , avoiding touching your eyes , nose and mouth with unwashed hands , and disinfecting surfaces that are frequently touched . Pediatricians should ask about where young patients with high fever and respiratory symptoms have traveled , Schuchat said . "  Young children often have fever and respiratory symptoms , but the key here is : Was there a history of travel within the past 14 days to the Arabian Peninsula , or contact with someone ? ... They should alert their clinician about that travel or contact , " Schuchat said . Currently , the CDC does not recommend changing travel plans because of the virus , Schuchat said . No one knows exactly how this virus originated , but evidence is emerging implicating camels . In a recently published study in mBio , researchers said they isolated live MERS virus from two single-humped camels , known as dromedaries . They found multiple substrains in the camel viruses , including one that perfectly matches a substrain isolated from a human patient . The same group of researchers reported in February that nearly three-quarters of camels in Saudi Arabia tested positive for past exposure to the MERS coronavirus . MERS mystery : Virus found in camels Although many of the cases have occurred on the Arabian Peninsula , people have died of the infection elsewhere , including in European countries and Tunisia in North Africa . Egypt reported its first case on April 26 , according to the WHO . Limited human-to-human transmission of the disease has also occurred in other countries -- meaning some people who traveled to the Middle East gave the virus to others . Officials are not aware of any other confirmed U.S. cases , Schuchat said , adding it 's too early to assume no one else is ill . An active investigation is underway . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Caleb Hellerman and Ashley Hayes contributed to this report .	The patient is a health care provider who traveled to Saudi Arabia MERS coronavirus was first reported in 2012 in the Middle East Saudi officials have noted a recent spike in cases
CNN  -- Dario Franchitti won the 96th edition of the Indianapolis 500 motor race on Sunday , placing first in the prestigious race for the third time . The Scotland native and husband of actress Ashley Judd bested a field of 32 other competitors , including a female racer backed by the first all-female team in the Indy 500 . They circled the track 200 times , traversing a total of 500 miles , powered by fuel and raw adrenaline . He and several other racers , including Scott Dixon and Tony Kanaan , traded the lead several times in the final minutes . But Franchitti was able to hold on and win , as he did in 2007 and 2010 , after Japan 's Takuma Sato tried to pass him on the last lap but ended up crashing instead . The victory was especially meaningful for Franchitti , coming a year after his friend Dan Wheldon earned the checkered flag at Indy and seven months after the Englishman died after crashing during a race in Nevada . Franchitti , Dixon and Kanaan all mentioned after the contest how all three of them were close with Wheldon , who was very much on their minds as they jostled for the win Sunday . In a photo on his Facebook page , Franchitti -- with a victory sash around his neck and bottle of milk , the traditional celebratory drink of Indy 500 winners , in his hand -- points to the sky in dedicating his win to his friend , known around the racing world as Lionheart . "  Everyone out there was a friend of Dan 's . Everyone loved Dan , " Franchitti told ABC , which broadcast the Indy 500 . "  What a great race today . " The race featured a record-setting 35 lead changes , as well as a number of cautions -- including two in the final 13 laps -- as drivers fought for position , according to ABC . Nine drivers who started the race did n't end up finishing , for various reasons . Three-time winner Helio Castroneves ended up in 10th . The 22nd place finisher was Katherine Legge , the ninth woman to qualify for the race and more notably the first to bring an all-female team with her . The Englishwoman sported a Girl Scouts logo on her helmet and represented STEM  science , technology , engineering and mathematics  as an ambassador . "  My parents said , ` You can be anything that you put your mind to , ' " Legge told CNN before the race . She said she hopes girls get the message "  to follow whatever they want to be . And they have to pursue that with 110 percent knowledge that they can get there if they really , really want to . " What to know about this year 's race For all the excitement during the race , much of the focus before it was on safety -- in part because of the death of Wheldon , a two-time Indy 500 winner killed in October in a 15-car crash at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway . Wheldon died when his vehicle became airborne and hit a fence pole . A new design being used this year is supposed to prevent cars from becoming airborne . Italian firm Dallara has created the new DW12 chassis , named for Wheldon , who helped test the car before his accident . Wider cockpits , wheel guards , a smaller engine , vertical wings on the side panels and energy absorption foam have all been added to keep drivers safer on the track and in the event of an accident . "  We 'll all be driving with heavy hearts , " driver Marco Andretti told CNN hours before the grandson of renowned driver Mario Andretti ran well but ended up spinning out with 13 laps to go . " ... I think we just have to think of what a happy person he was and how much he loved the sport and Indy in particular . " Meanwhile , the heat and humidity presented a challenge for drivers and spectators . Temperatures were in the mid-80s by morning and were expected to reach into the low to mid-90s . "  There is a heat advisory for Indianopolis today , " said CNN meteorologist Bonnie Schneider . "  The temperature will soar to 96 degrees today and the heat index will climb to 100 degrees . Keep in mind that the normal high temperature for this time of year is 81 degrees , so this extreme heat is unusual . " CNN 's Ashley Strickland , Christine Romans , and Josh Levs contributed to this report .	NEW : Dario Franchitti dedicates his win to his friend , the late Dan Wheldon After a record-setting 35 lead changes , the Scotsman fends off a late charge to win Wheldon , who won the Indy 500 last year , died in another race in October The 1st all-female team participated in this year 's Indy 500 , finishing 22nd
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and website based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- There have been several points in my career as a producer and camera operator where I 've realized that I have one of the best jobs in the world . This usually occurs to me in remote and interesting places like South Africa or Denmark or something . I 'd been on the Santa Clarita , California , set of "  Jackass 3D " for about two hours , watching two gigantic cranes catapult a Port-O-Potty containing star Steve-O and gallons of fecal matter 10 stories in the air when the feeling struck me again . Admittedly , I 'm a longtime fan of the "  Jackass " franchise , which was born out of an article for Big Brother magazine in 1999 . A friend showed me a clip of Johnny Knoxville getting shocked with a stun gun while hoisting an American flag , and I 've been on board ever since . When I heard about the 3-D project , I have to admit I was worried . I was concerned that the Jackass concept was old and tired , and its stars -- Johnny , Steve-O , Chris Pontius , Wee Man , Bam Margera , and Preston Lacy -- had run out of ideas . With nothing left in their creative arsenal , they wandered out of "  Avatar " one afternoon and decided that they would jump on the 3-D bandwagon to cash in one last time . However , a few days on set showed me those concerns were unfounded . The Jackass joie de vivre was alive and well , and the addition of a third dimension only enhanced the jaw-dropping inexplicable hilarity of the crew 's antics . See the rest of The Cast and Crew of Jackass 3D at VBS.TV By mid-morning of my first day onset , Steve-O had been launched hundreds of feet in the air and the crew -- along with maybe $ 1 million worth of 3-D camera equipment -- had been coated with a fine spray of human and animal waste . Director Jeff Tremaine was screaming at a gagging camera operator to get b-roll shots of the poop-slicked interior of the Port-O-Potty that Steve-O had been strapped in moments before . Despite the smell and intermittent bouts of vomiting by the crew , I could tell that everyone on set knew they 'd created something special . I went from having the feeling that I had one the best jobs in the world to being pretty sure the cast and crew from Jackass had it all figured out .	Using just handheld video cameras , "  Jackass " franchise had humble , low-tech beginning Johnny Knoxville and core group of cast and crew has been together since the start Technology required to produce 3-D film meant embracing new equipment , crew members
CNN  Ask a New Zealander what happened on June 10 , 1886 , and they 'll tell you the planet lost its "  eighth wonder . " The Pink and White Terraces of Lake Rotomahana were the world 's largest silica towers and the South Pacific 's biggest 19th-century attraction until a massive eruption at Mount Tarawera that momentous day blasted these natural wonders into oblivion . Out of that same eruption , however , a new wonder of the world was born . Waimangu Geyser roared into existence hurling black mud and sand some 1,500 feet  460 meters  into the sky , making it the most powerful geyser the world has ever seen . This new attraction ignited a whirlwind of global interest in New Zealand 's volcanic North Island until it , too , vanished off the face of the earth in 1904 after a landslide changed the water table . The Pink and White Terraces and Waimangu Geyser may be lost forever , but their impression on tourists of the time is well documented . They are but two of many attractions of yesteryear that can now only be appreciated in the pages of a history book . Here 's a look at 10 others . The current Penn Station may be a charmless catacomb of labyrinthine low-ceiling hallways , but New York 's first Penn Station was a lavish masterpiece of the Beaux Arts style . The original facility 's domed ceilings , soaring archways and handsome columns welcomed more than 100 million passengers each year during the station 's golden era in the mid-1940s . But by the end of the 1950s , the dawn of the Jet Age and the birth of the Interstate Highway System took a heavy toll on visitor numbers . Plans for the new Penn Plaza and Madison Square Garden were announced in 1962 , and a year later , the original Penn Station was knocked to the ground to make room for a smaller facility underground . The demolition of Penn Station in 1963 was not without controversy . The New York Times questioned at the time how the city would "  permit this monumental act of vandalism against one of the largest and finest landmarks of its age of Roman elegance . " The whole affair is regularly cited as the catalyst for the modern historical preservation movement in the United States . Within a decade of Penn Station 's demolition , Grand Central Terminal was protected under New York City 's new Landmarks Preservation Act . Guaira Falls was easily the most powerful cataract in the world in terms of total volume with 1,750,000 cubic feet of water passing through each second . That 's more than double the flow of Niagara Falls and more than 12 times that of Victoria Falls . But good luck finding any trace of Guaira underneath the Itaipu Dam . More than three decades have now passed since one of the world 's greatest waterfalls was drowned to pave the way for a massive hydroelectric project . This natural wonder , lost to the world in 1982 , once lured hordes of local and international tourists to the Upper Parana River at the Brazil-Paraguay border . It contained 18 falls in total with a drop of about 375 feet , and its deafening roar could be heard from up to 20 miles away . At least three Globe theaters have graced the shores of the River Thames over the past five centuries . First there was the original Globe , built in 1599 by William Shakespeare 's playing company , the Lord Chamberlain 's Men . A fire destroyed it during a performance of Henry VIII on June 29 , 1613 , but a second Globe Theatre opened on the same site exactly one year later . It , too , closed in 1642 amid an outcry by Puritans who were opposed to theatrical performances . The legacy of the first Globe Theatre and the iconic plays it debuted to the world lives on at the modern reconstruction , known as Shakespeare 's Globe , which opened its doors in 1997 approximately 750 feet from the original theater . When Sutro Baths first opened to the public in 1894 , the three-acre complex housed a staggering seven pools  at varying temperatures  under a massive glass enclosure with springboards , high dives , slides and trapezes . The facility could hold as many as 10,000 people at one time and also had several non-aquatic attractions such as a natural history museum with Egyptian mummies and a sculpture gallery with artifacts from Mexico and China . The oceanfront property ensconced in the rocky San Francisco coast was considered a playground unlike any other the world had ever seen . Its Achilles ' heel , however , was an outsized price tag to match its ostentatious offerings . With exceedingly high operational costs , the Baths were never a commercially successful business -- even after owners turned the pools into ice skating rinks during the Great Depression . The facility shut down for good in 1964 and was destroyed in a fire two years later . Its remains are now protected as part of the Golden Gate National Recreation Area . In an 1839 fairy tale called "  The Garden of Paradise , " Hans Christian Andersen describes a teenager named East Wind who flies home from the East and tells his mother , "  I came back from China , where I danced for a while around a tower of porcelain and rang all the bells . " The Danish author 's fable may be a fantasy , but the tower of porcelain bricks was no figment of his vivid imagination . Considered one of the Seven Wonders of the Middle Ages , the Porcelain Tower of Nanjing was built by the third emperor of the Ming Dynasty in the early 15th century and rose from a 97-foot octagonal base to a height of 260 feet . This glossy nine-story pagoda soared above the south bank of the Yangtze River in Nanjing for more than four centuries before it was destroyed under the Taiping Rebellion of the 1850s . Its rubble remained relatively untouched until 2010 when a businessman donated $ 156 million  the largest single donation in Chinese history  to rebuild the medieval icon . The New York Hippodrome was billed as the largest theater in the world when it opened to the public in midtown Manhattan in 1905 , featuring a 100-foot-by-200-foot stage and the capacity to seat up to 5,300 spectators . This mammoth attraction lured the biggest acts of the day such as Harry Houdini and the "  Jumbo " musical , but , like San Francisco 's Sutro Baths , it racked up a hefty upkeep bill . Just 17 years after the Hippodrome opened , its owners refashioned the Moorish-style building into a vaudeville theater . Five years later it became a movie theater , then an opera house and finally a sports arena . The doldrums of the Great Depression dealt one final blow to the facility and it was torn down in 1939 to make way for an office building and parking garage . The Chacaltaya Glacier lies 17,400 feet up in the Andes and was once one of Bolivia 's top tourist attractions , luring skiers the world over with the promise of tackling earth 's highest ski run . Thanks to global warming , however , the 18,000-year-old wonder has been reduced to a few lumps of unskiable ice that no visitor would go out of their way to see . In its prime it had the first rope tow in South America  built in 1939  and the highest ski lodge in the world , at an elevation greater than Everest Base Camp . Chacaltaya was the closest ski area to the equator before it indefinitely closed in 2012 . Known as the "  bridge of ice " in the local Aymara language , Chacaltaya is but one of many glaciers currently retreating toward almost certain oblivion . Walt Disney World 's very first water park , River Country , is looking anything but jolly these days after lying abandoned on the shores of Bay Lake , Florida , for more than a decade . The "  old-fashioned swimming hole , " replete with swings , slides and whitewater rafting , closed for annual maintenance in 2001 never to open again . Park officials cited declining business after 9/11 and the success of Walt Disney World 's two newer water parks , Typhoon Lagoon and Blizzard Beach , as reasons for their decision . Bay Lake is also home to the only other Disney park to close permanently : Discovery Island . This abandoned  but not demolished  zoological park was yet another 1970s-era attraction that lost favor with visitors and eventually closed to the public in 1999 . All animals were relocated to new homes at Disney 's Animal Kingdom , a much larger zoo that opened in 1998 . A warning to any urban explorers out there : Disney employees still monitor both River Country and Discovery Island for trespassers . Like the operas that brought its audiences to tears , the story of the Royal Opera House of Valletta is fittingly tragic . Designed by Edward Middleton Barry in the 1860s , architect of the Royal Opera House in London 's Covent Garden , it was the crowning jewel of Malta 's capital city for just six years before a fire gutted the interior . It was resurrected from the flames four years later , but tragedy struck again during World War II when the Royal Opera House received a direct hit from an aerial bomb . A few columns remain in place on the corner of Strada Reale , forming a backdrop for the open-air Royal Piazza Theatre , launched within the ruins of the Royal Opera House in 2013 . Jonah 's Tomb in Mosul , Iraq , is the newest addition to this list and one of a series of attractions lost to war . Militants with the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS , planted explosives in July 2014 around Mosul 's oldest mosque , which is traditionally held to be the burial place of Jonah the Prophet . Jonah is a key figure in both Christianity and Islam who , according to Islamic and Judeo-Christian traditions , was swallowed by a whale . His tomb was a popular place of pilgrimage and joins a growing list of holy sites deemed idolatrous under the puritanical strain of Islam practiced by ISIS . Mark Johanson is an American travel and culture writer based in Santiago , Chile .	Unlike the current commuter hub , New York 's original Penn Station was a lavish Beaux Arts masterpiece Guaira Falls was once the most powerful cataract in the world The Porcelain Tower of Nanjing was considered one of the Seven Wonders of the Middle Ages
Paris  CNN  -- We 're at a soup kitchen in a shabby back street in Paris , next to the canal Saint Martin , near the JaurÃ ¨ s metro stop . Hundreds of homeless people are queuing up for some hot food and a coffee . Most of them are from Asia ; many from Afghanistan and Bangladesh . Among them are dozens of children , their grimy faces , vacant stares and worn clothes redolent of months on the road . Some have walked hundreds of miles to escape the violence of Afghanistan . They have been told to get to JaurÃ ¨ s metro in Paris and they will be looked after . Often the people-traffickers dump them here , feeling they have fulfilled their part of the bargain : to get them to the West . We talked to two 14-year-olds who do n't want to go on camera . They had arrived that day from Italy , after traveling through Iran , Turkey and Greece . The story they told us is typical : Their families paid thousands of dollars to send them to the west in the hands of smugglers . The journey was extremely perilous . They traveled in the backs of trucks , cars and at times walking across mountain ranges ; it took them nine months to get to Paris . Like many of the children we spoke to , they risked frostbite during their dangerous traversing of mountains in Iran and Turkey . They claimed Iranian border guards shot at them as they crossed the frontier . But despite of the risks they kept going -- lured by the promises of lucrative jobs in France . The reality when they arrive is very different . Most of them are aged between 14 and 18 years old . Theoretically the French state has a duty of care for unaccompanied minors , but these teenagers must prove their age . Often they do n't have the documents necessary to show their age , and so they are left to sleep on the streets . One charity , France Terre d'Asile  France : Haven  is trying to help , but it is hopelessly overwhelmed . The group estimates that some 6,000 foreign children arrive illegally in France each year -- most turn up in Paris expecting to be able to work to send money home to their families . That is , of course , illegal , so there are faced with entering the black market or surviving on handouts . The lucky ones may get a place in a reception center run by a charity . We filmed at one hostel which has just 25 beds . When we were there , 45 children turned up needing somewhere to sleep . It was cold and raining and only the youngest were admitted . The rest were forced to once again sleep on the streets . Mohammed is typical : He spent three months sleeping in a park before finally getting a hotel room provided by the French state , once he was able to prove he was 16 years old . He was lucky : his sister was able to fax a copy of his birth certificate . But many of his friends are still sleeping outside , because they ca n't prove their age . He tells me about the frequent fights between different ethnics groups -- Tajiks beaten by Hazaras , Pashtuns clashing with Bangladeshis . Muggings , drug abuse and the ever present sex-trade were all daily risks for him . His story is a microcosm of the problems that have consumed Afghanistan for three decades : He was orphaned by war and disease -- his father was killed by the Taliban , his mother died of tuberculosis . His uncle physically abused him for years until finally his brother-in-law agreed to lend him $ 6,000 so he could buy his passage to the west , but on arriving in Paris , his dreams of a job and a new life were quickly shattered . Now he has begun to make a start on improving his life , learning French , and getting his first taste of the internet . His prospects remain bleak , but at least he has a bed to sleep in each night -- unlike so many of the other Afghan children who are surviving on the streets of Paris .	Afghan families pay thousands of dollars to send youngsters to the West Journey is perilous and can take many months Teenagers arrive in Paris with dreams of working to send money back home Instead , unable to prove their age , many find themselves living on the streets
London  CNN  -- Documents chronicling the life of South Africa 's first black president Nelson Mandela are now freely available to his fans around the world , thanks to a new online digital archive . The Nelson Mandela Digital Archive Project contains nearly 2000 mementos from of the life of the 93-year-old , casting an intimate light on the life of the anti-apartheid leader . Documents include the earliest-known photograph of Mandela , taken in 1938 when he was 19 or 20 years old , hand-written letters and diaries written during his 27 years of imprisonment , and previously unseen drafts of the sequel to his autobiography . The archive extends from the earliest known record of Mandela -- a Methodist church membership card issued in 1929 -- to handwritten notes taken during the talks to end apartheid , and beyond . The project is a collaboration between internet giant Google , and the Nelson Mandela Centre of Memory in South Africa , where the originals are held . Google gave a $ 1.25 m grant to help preserve and digitize thousands of archival documents held in the Johannesburg-based center -- including never-before-seen items donated by the former president himself -- so that they could reach a broader audience online . The concept behind the project is that spreading Mandela 's life story will help promote a message of social justice through the world . "  It is invigorating to see our combined efforts become a reality , " said Verne Harris , head of the Nelson Mandela Center of Memory . "  This digital initiative will make it possible for us to reach the full spectrum of our stakeholders , from the global elite to systemically disadvantaged South Africans . " The archive includes handwritten letters from his cell to his children , Zeni and Zindzi , after their mother , Winnie , had been arrested by the apartheid regime 's police . "  My Darlings , " begins the letter , dated June 23 , 1969 . "  Once again our beloved Mummy has been arrested and now she and Daddy are away in jail . My heart bleeds as I think of her sitting in some police cell far away from home , perhaps alone and without anybody to talk to , and with nothing to read . Twenty four hours of the day longing for her little ones . " The project was the work of the Google Cultural Institute , which seeks to unlock the world 's cultural and historical heritage by promoting and preserving culture online . Steve Crossan , the institute 's director , said the archive showed "  how the internet can help preserve historical heritage and make it available to the world . We 've worked closely with the  center  to create an interactive online experience with powerful search and browsing tools , so that users can explore Mr Mandela 's inspiring life story . " A similar grant of the same size has also been made to the Desmond Tutu Peace Center in Cape Town , for the documentation and digitisation of the South African Archbishop and anti-apartheid activist 's archive . Other Google Cultural Institute projects have included showcasing the Dead Sea Scrolls , presenting thousands of works of art online through the Art Project , and the digitization of the Yad Vashem Holocaust materials . Speaking at the launch , South Africa 's Minister of Science and Technology Naledi Pandor described Mandela as "  the most famous ex-political prisoner of all time " and praised him for making "  his own intellectual property available to all . " "  He is an inspiration to us all . His qualities as a person inspire us . And they inspire our children , " she said . "  It is a pioneering step to digitize Mr Mandela 's own records and to post them online . "	A new online archive features nearly 2000 documents from Mandela 's life It includes the earliest known photograph of the anti-apartheid leader The goal of the project is to promote social justice through spreading awareness of his story
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The fifth and final phase of India 's marathon general election to choose a federal government ended Wednesday . Indians voters hold up their voter ID cards at a polling station in northern India . Home to about 714 million voters , India is now due to hold a single-day vote count Saturday for 543 seats in the lower house of its parliament . India 's election commission spokesman Rajesh Malhotra told CNN that a 62 percent voter turnout was recorded in the last phase of polling Wednesday . Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states and seven federal territories . Stock markets closed 138.4 points down -- as voting drew to a close Wednesday -- apparently over fears of political uncertainty ahead . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's Congress party , which came to power in 2004 as head of a communist-backed coalition , is seeking re-election . The party mainly faces opposition from an alliance led by the Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party . Watch more about one village refusing to vote " Over the years , regional parties have emerged as key players in government formation in India , creating a situation in which federal power is now shared by a coalition of groups . Last year , Singh 's Congress party lost the support of the communists , who opposed India 's civilian nuclear cooperation agreement with the United States . The party was able to survive primarily with the backing of a powerful regional party .	Voting in the month-long exercise was spread across 28 states India is scheduled to hold the vote count on Saturday Prime Minister Manmohan Singh 's Congress party seeking re-election
CNN  -- Portuguese football coach Jose Mourinho , ever the headline creator , has caused further outcry this week after he substituted Ghanaian midfielder Sulley Muntari from his Inter Milan side during their Italian Serie A clash with Bari . Inter midfielder Sulley Muntari was substitued Jose Mourinho for his low-energy levels as a result of fasting . Taking a tired player from the field of play was hardly breaking news , at least it was n't until Mourinho revealed the move had been prompted because the player 's perceived "  low-energy levels " were as a result of fasting . Muntari is a practicing Muslim who , like many of the same faith around the world , is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the Ramadan holy period . Should fasting footballers be dropped by their managers ? Sound Off below . A discipline that clearly irked Mourinho who said in a post-match press conference : "  Muntari had some problems related to Ramadan , perhaps with this heat it 's not good for him to be doing this  fasting  . Ramadan has not arrived at the ideal moment for a player to play a football match . " Muslim leaders in Italy have criticized the opinions of the coach known as the "  Special One " , but Mourinho did not rule out the possibility of dropping the player for the Milan derby between arch rivals Inter Milan and AC Milan this weekend for the same reason . Click here to see our gallery of the top 10 Muslim football stars " Elsewhere in Italy , fellow Muslim and Siena striker Abdelkader Ghezzal added to the debate by revealing he can not fast and play at the same time . "  I 've always observed Ramadan but I have had to change my habits for health reasons from the first year that I became a professional . Before that I played at Crotone -LSB- while fasting -RSB- but after two weeks I felt ill and had to stop . " Egypt 's Under-20 football squad passed up the chance to break the Ramadan fast to help them prepare for the forthcoming World Youth Championship which they host at the end of September . The Egyptian Football Association confirmed that the Dar al-Ifta , the country 's institution which clarifies religious principles and issues edicts , had given specific permission for the players to legitimately avoid fasting . It is not just Ramadan which has caused issues between Muslim players and their clubs . The beliefs of Sevilla striker Freddie Kanoute have conflicted with the demands of his professional career . Kanoute taped over the logo of the Sevilla club 's shirt sponsors - internet gaming company 888 . com -- in 2006 because he said Islam forbade the promotion of gambling . So is Mourinho right to take account of how religious practices may affect his players ' performance ? Is it wrong to drop a fasting footballer whose energy levels may be lower than his teammates ? Should Mourinho contemplate that a player of faith may perform better in a period of self-enforced discipline ? Were the Egyptian players right to carry on fasting even though they were given permission to break the fast ? If Kanoute right to bring his religious beliefs into his place of work ? And can sport and religion ever be separated in a satisfactory way?Let us know your thoughts in the Sound Off box below .	Jose Mourinho substituted Sulley Muntari because he had been low energy The Ghanaian midfielder is a Muslim and had been fasting during Ramadan Egypt 's national youth team turned down the opportunity to break the fast Let us know if fasting footballers should dropped in the Sound Off below
London  CNN  -- The artwork for "  The Next Day , " David Bowie 's first album in 10 years and a record that nobody outside his inner circle suspected was coming , is a witty vandalization of the sleeve of 1977 's "  Heroes . " As its designer , Jonathan Barnbrook , explains : The "  Heroes " cover obscured by the white square is about the spirit of great pop or rock music which is "  of the moment , " forgetting or obliterating the past . However , we all know that this is never quite the case , no matter how much we try , we can not break free from the past . " Read more : David Bowie returns with new single , album In that sense it 's an unbeatable image . Bowie 's glittering reputation rests on his determination , during his extraordinary run of albums in the 1970s , to escape the past and embrace the future , but he was also clever enough to realize that there 's no such thing as an entirely blank slate , and that tension was the motor of his genius . The excitement surrounding his surprise comeback , after a decade of supposed retirement , reminds us that he is rock 's unrivalled innovator-in-chief . His early reinventions could perhaps be explained by sheer ambition . That 's why David Jones from suburban Bromley , on the southern outskirts of London , became David Bowie  rhymes with Zoe , not Maui  and then Bowie , fearing that 1969 's "  Space Oddity " would render him a one-hit wonder , became Ziggy Stardust , the first post-modern rock star . If fame was all he was looking for , he would have been happy with that , but his hunger for change exceeded his appetite for success . He killed off Ziggy after just 18 months and unveiled a series of new identities , each with its own sound . Photos : David Bowie 's ever-changing look To listen to all of Bowie 's 70s albums in sequence is still a dizzying experience , because each one attempts to eclipse its predecessor . On "  Aladdin Sane " he explored the relationship between showbusiness and mental illness . "  Diamond Dogs " was an apocalyptic vision which spun the mid-70s ' darkest fears into a kind of glam-rock opera . The "  plastic soul " of "  Young Americans " was his strange response to the sound of black America and "  Station to Station , " recorded in cocaine-maddened seclusion in Los Angeles in the guise of the "  Thin White Duke , " presaged his return to Europe . Remarkably , these page-turning albums emerged at the rate of around one a year . The only possible comparison in terms of creative momentum is the Beatles , and there were four of them . Beyond the records themselves , Bowie 's restless eye for new stimuli , drawn from the worlds of cinema , theatre , fashion and visual art , made him pop 's most imaginative stylist . London 's V&A museum is mounting a major retrospective of his visual work this spring -- rare honor for a pop star . Read more : Bowie back after the bonds As the artwork of "  he Next Day " and the lyrics of comeback single "  Where Are We Now ? " suggest , Bowie 's mystique resides most powerfully in the three albums he recorded in Berlin in the late 70s : "  Low , " "  Heroes " and "  Lodger . " Of all his rebirths this was the most radical , influential and multi-faceted . The Berlin albums are perfectly poised between art and pop , containing both avant-garde enigmas like "  Warszawa " and glorious , gripping songs like the title track of "  Heroes , " which sounded not at all out of place , 35 years later , as Team GB 's Olympic anthem . Brian Eno , who worked on Bowie 's Berlin trilogy , once compared rock music to a blank sheet of paper that was rapidly filled in and Bowie did more than anyone in the 70s to colonize that white space . Each record was , to quote one song title , a fantastic voyage , alerting other musicians to new possibilities and charting a path for entire scenes . It 's impossible to imagine the landscape of early 80s pop , for example , without Bowie 's influence , and you can detect his DNA in countless artists , from Pet Shop Boys to Lady Gaga , U2 to Blur , Joy Division to Nine Inch Nails , Franz Ferdinand to LCD Soundsystem . To any musician who worries about reconciling artistic integrity with commercial success , or sonic innovation with emotional truth , Bowie 's 70s work is proof that , with enough talent and judgement , you can have it all . Of course records this good cast a long shadow and , to paraphrase Barnbrook , no matter how much he tried , Bowie could n't break free from the past . While his bad albums in subsequent decades were justly criticized , his good ones were unfairly underrated . Although he remained curious , enthusiastic and eager to take risks right up to 2003 's "  Reality , " he was punished for no longer reinventing the wheel with each release . As long as Bowie was still recording regularly , all but his most devoted fans took him for granted . They wo n't be making that mistake again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dorian Lynskey .	David Bowie stuns rock world by releasing first new music in 10 years Bowie released string of dazzling albums in 1970s , says Dorian Lynskey Lynskey : This fine music cast long shadow ; Bowie prisoner of past ? Critics will never take him for granted again , says Lynskey
CNN  -- Clashes between criminals and federal police left 22 people dead in Mexico , including two officers , authorities said . The additional 20 people killed are suspected criminals , federal police said in a statement . The fighting in Michoacan state on Tuesday also left 15 injured . The clashes followed six planned attacks by criminals in different areas of the state , including gunbattles on blocked streets with cars , according to the federal police . Federal officials are searching for those responsible and reinforcing security to ensure the region is safe .	The fighting in Michoacan state also leaves 15 injured Police : Of the 22 people killed , two are officers
CNN  -- Federal officials have given the go-ahead for a motorcycle race in California 's Johnson Valley Open Area , where a truck race turned deadly Saturday , killing eight and injuring nine , officials said Friday . The Bureau of Land Management issued a statement announcing it has granted the American Motorcycle Association approval to proceed with its scheduled off-road race in the Southern California desert area this weekend after assessing the association 's safety and crowd control requirements . "  As part of an overall increased oversight of permit activities , the BLM has closely coordinated this weekend 's event with the race promoter to ensure that the safety of the spectators and participants is of the highest priority , " the statement said . "  Race coordinators have put in place additional safeguards at the start/finish line , pit row areas , and have increased security and medical presence to ensure safe racing conditions . " Bureau officials said they are working with enforcement agencies in the ongoing investigation into Saturday 's deadly crash . For now , events promoted by Mojave Desert Racing remain suspended , it added . That organization was the promoter of last Saturday 's race . Mojave Desert Racing was barred by the bureau Thursday . In last week 's deadly crash , a truck taking part in a 200-mile off-road race crashed into a crowd of spectators .	Bureau of Land Management OKs motorcycle race in the Johnson Valley Open Area That 's where eight died when a truck crashed into a crowd during an event , killing eight Mohave Desert Racing events remain suspended , the bureau says
As the White House convened a day-long summit on working families with a heavy focus on work-life balance , I remembered a major survey last year that took issue with the prevailing notion that juggling work and home life is mainly a woman 's issue . According to a survey by the Pew Research Center , 56 % of working mothers said it was very or somewhat difficult to balance the responsibilities of their jobs and their families ; 50 % of working fathers , nearly as many as working mothers , said the very same thing . And when it comes to who is doing more of the telecommuting , another survey also challenges the longstanding belief that it 's mainly working moms . By a wide margin , more men than women are working not from the office , but from home , a business center or another location , according to the national survey by Flex + Strategy Group/Work + Life Fit Inc. , which works with organizations and individuals to create flexible workplaces . Nearly one-third of the 556 full-time employed adults who were surveyed said they do most of their work remotely , and nearly three out of four of those telecommuters were men . Why do these findings matter ? Because too often , when work-life balance is discussed among policymakers , in the media , even online , the general sense is that it 's primarily a concern of women , especially working mothers . "  The significance of the research is that it proves that the way we think and talk about work-life flexibility does n't track with reality , " said Cali Yost , chief executive officer and founder of Flex + Strategy Group/Work + Life Fit Inc. . "  As a result , both business and people are n't reaping the rewards of a more thoughtful , deliberate , strategic approach to managing work and life . " And when these misperceptions are held by C-suite executives , they can dramatically impact how far organizations might go to create more flexible workplaces for their employees . "  An everyone issue " Consider a recent analysis of interviews with nearly 4,000 executives worldwide conducted by Harvard Business School students from 2008 to 2013 . Both male and female executives considered the "  tension between work and family to be primarily a woman 's problem , " according to the report . "  As Rebecca Traister recently pointed out in the New Republic , when we 're trying to solve the problem of not enough women in the upper echelons of business , tech , and politics , we always direct these conversations at women themselves , " wrote Jessica Grose for Slate earlier this year . "  But the problem here is n't women 's lack of ambition or , necessarily , their lack of support at home . The issue is that we need to get men to acknowledge work-life conflicts as an everyone issue , not a women 's issue or a mom 's issue , " wrote Grose . Craig Cincotta , vice president for brand communications for Porch.com , an online home improvement network , said in today 's 24/7 connected world , work-life balance becomes an issue for nearly everyone , women and men . WATCH : Why Zuckerberg 's sister says to log off "  In my experience people often feel the need to be accessible at all times to demonstrate their commitment to the job , " said Cincotta . "  Answering e-mail at 3 a.m. becomes a badge of honor . When that becomes the societal norm , it makes it hard for people to find a healthy work-life balance . " Jennifer Styles , a co-owner and managing partner of The Workshop Collective , a marketing , public relations , design and Web development firm , said work-life balance is an issue for both genders , and not just working parents . "  I am not a parent . I am a co-owner of a company with over 20 employees  who are my family  and I feel guilty not ` working ' all the time or being readily available for my team during all hours of the day , " said Styles on Facebook . "  I try not to look at my phone after 9 p.m. but it is a challenge . ... Most business owners do n't have the choice to not respond to their team/clients in a timely fashion . " Weakened commitment to flexibility ? After Marissa Mayer of Yahoo! banned working from home shortly after taking over as the company 's chief executive officer , many women and men wondered if more companies might follow her lead and move in the direction of less flexibility as opposed to more . The results of another survey by Flex + Strategy Group/Work + Life Fit Inc. show that , at least as far as employees ' perceptions are concerned , that might be the case . While 97 % of those surveyed said they had some flexibility at work , more than four out of ten said they perceive a "  waning commitment " to flexibility at their company , according to survey results released in May . In addition , only 40 % of those surveyed who had work-life flexibility received any guidance or training from their employer on how to use work-life flexibility most effectively . What all this means , said Yost , the expert on workplace flexibility , is that the majority of workers with flexibility "  are flying by the seat of their pants and are not optimizing the flexibility they have to benefit themselves and the business . " "  Everyone loses ... including women , " she added . No "  one size fits all " approach Cincotta of Porch.com says as a manager and leader within his company , he wants to help people find work-life balance -- or life-work balance , as he thinks we should call it . But he says it 's an issue that each person has to define for himself or herself . "  We can not expect a ` one size fits all ' approach to the solution , " said Cincotta . "  Maybe it is working from home one day a week , perhaps it is a commitment not to check mail on the weekend . Whatever the solution people fundamentally develop as their own , they need to identify and respect the boundaries required to make it effective . " Expanding the conversation about work-life balance to include men and people without children can lead to more workplace changes that benefit more employees , men and women I talked with say . It can also provide more opportunities for working parents , especially mothers who would choose to continue their professional paths if they and their partners had more flexibility to balance the demands at home . "  Having a partner split the child-rearing duties enables you to juggle your art/career/work with the responsibilities and fun that come with raising a child , " said Amy Glazer , who is head of the theater program at San Jose State University and the mom of a college-age son . "  The beauty of actually dividing the parenting labor , although it 's chaotic , is that when the child grows up , as my child has -- we both still have careers to come back to and the nest is too busy to feel empty . " How important is work-life balance to you ? Share your thoughts in the comments or tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	The White House is holding a summit Monday on issues affecting working families Working fathers , like working mothers , find it hard to balance work and family , survey says More men than women are telecommuting , according to another survey Work-life balance is an "  everyone issue " not a women 's or moms ' issue , says one writer
CNN  -- Liane Moriarty knows playground politics . The Australian author features catty mothers , birthday party snubs and a debauched parental gathering in her latest novel , "  Big Little Lies . " Moriarty is familiar with those dynamics herself : she is a hands-on mother to a 4-year-old daughter and a 6-year-old son . While Moriarty says her characters come from her imagination , she 's managed to strike a collective nerve among readers around the world . Her latest bestselling book also turned the heads of Hollywood moms : Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon optioned screen rights to "  Big Little Lies . " The novel opens with a school scandal , then traces three families through a tumultuous kindergarten year . Anyone who has picked up young children from elementary school will recognize the characters and conversations in "  Big Little Lies . " Many of Moriarty 's novels are book club favorites , and not just in her native Sydney . Her novel "  The Husband 's Secret " sold more than 1 million copies in the United States . She spoke to CNN about putting parenting onto the pages of her novels . Below is an edited transcript . CNN : How are you able to replicate conversations that so many parents have ? LM : I guess it just means that we 're all having the same kinds of conversations across the world ... that they 're universal . And , obviously , because I 'm completely in that world right now , it 's really easy to think like that , because that 's the life I 'm leading . CNN : Did you have any of those conversations ? LM : They 're still fictional . Although , there might be little phrases taken from real life , but they 're still all fiction . Because it 's my world , the material is at my fingertips . CNN : How do you find inspiration for your plots and your characters ? LM : I was inspired by a little story a girlfriend told me when her daughter started school . On the very first day of kindergarten , two little girls came out of the classroom , and they had bite marks on their arms . Because it was the first day of school , no one could say who had done it . They just said a little boy had done it to them . They actually got the little boys to line up . When this girlfriend was telling me the story , I was just so enthralled by the little drama that went on in the playground , and imagining how you would feel if you were one of the parents , hoping that it was n't your child that had actually done the biting . In the end , the little girls finally gave in and admitted they had bitten themselves . It 's little stories like that  which inspire me  . People tell stories of awful parents , and bullying parents . And you can definitely see the potential , because you do love your child so fiercely . Because it is a little bit like going back to school yourself . It brings out all those insecurities . When all the parties started , and sometimes , I remember hearing about certain parties , thinking , ` My child was n't invited . What does that mean ? ' All those things come out . It 's easy to collect on that material . CNN : Have you been surprised by how your books have transcended cultural boundaries ? LM : I think as parents , we 're all leading similar sorts of lives . So really , the differences are small . And I think they 're differences that readers quite enjoy , in the same way that I enjoy reading books set in the U.S. . There are things like trick or treating and Halloween , and little things like that . They 're a pleasure to read , but easy enough to understand , so you do n't feel alienated . CNN : What are you working on now ? LM : I 'm just in the very early stages of my next novel . I 've been joking a lot that my next novel will be set on a tropical island . And I 'll have to lots of research to get the setting right . The more I joke , the more I 've started to think , ` Actually , that could work . ' Because I often like to set my books in a confined setting , a little village ... . That 's why a school works so well , because you can control it . So why not a tropical island ? CNN : Has your success changed the way other parents treat you ? LM : They tease me . My husband was taking some time off , and announcing he was going to do some more of the pick-ups  from school  . And somebody was saying , ` Will you still do some of the pick-ups ? ' Somebody else was saying , ` Of course she will . She needs us for her material . ' They just seem happy for me . It 's not like I 'm a film star . It 's not especially glamorous .	Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman optioned screen rights for "  Big Little Lies " "  Big Little Lies " is Liane Moriarty 's sixth adult novel Moriarty 's novel "  The Husband 's Secret " sold more than 1 million copies in the U.S.
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Seven alleged Los Angeles street gang members are charged with kidnapping and robbing a man who testified in court that they were after a Shaquille O'Neal sex tape he had . Los Angeles prosecutors said they have not verified the sex tape , purportedly showing the retired basketball star having sex with several women , actually exists . The alleged victim is Robert Ross , who said he was a member of the defendants ' Main Street Mafia Crips Gang before he became a music promoter . Ross testified at the defendants ' preliminary hearing Monday that the gang members kidnapped him at gunpoint on Sunset Boulevard in West Hollywood , California , the night of the 2008 Grammy Awards . They allegedly took him to the Los Angeles home of lead defendant Ladell Rowles . "  Defendant Rowles escorted victim Ross to a back room where he struck him with his handgun , " the criminal complaint said . The men took Ross ' diamond chain , Rolex watch , diamond earrings and $ 15,000 in cash , the complaint said . Ross , while on the witness stand , said it was then they demanded he hand over the videotape of O'Neal having sex with several women . He testified that O'Neal knew through a mutual acquaintance that he had the videotape . Ross , who said he was friends with O'Neal , testified that he tried to place music groups with O'Neal 's record label . A prosecutor said O'Neal is not involved in the case . O'Neal did not immediately respond to a CNN request for comment about the allegations in the case . He recently announced his retirement as a pro basketball player after 19 years in the NBA . The preliminary hearing , which began last week in Los Angeles Superior Court , was continued until next month .	Seven alleged gang members are charged with kidnapping and robbing Robert Ross Ross testified the kidnappers demanded a Shaquille O'Neal sex tape he had Prosecutors say they ca n't confirm the sex tape actually exists
Washington  CNN  -- As the "  Arab Spring " revolutions dominate the news , Kyrgyzstan is marking the one-year anniversary of another uprising . That one overthrew the authoritarian regime of President Kurmanbek Bakiev , who resigned last April . Now , the woman who replaced him , Rosa Otunbayeva , follows developments in the Mideast and North Africa as she grapples with the aftermath of revolution in her own country . "  It 's quite a difficult , thorny road , " she told CNN during a visit to Washington , to accept a "  Women of Courage " award from Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The non-stop media coverage of the Arab revolutions is a sharp contrast to the limited news of last year 's uprising in Kyrgyzstan . Otunbayeva is disappointed that the violence in Kyrgyzstan did not spark the international outrage that violence in Mideast countries has . "  On April 7th  of last year  a crowd of people came to the central square in front of our White House , " she says . "  They were shot straight from the roof . Eighty-seven people died , hundreds were wounded . Yet nobody defined this as unacceptable or outrageous . " In July of last year , after Bakiev fled the country , Otunbayeva was sworn in . Acting as interim leader , she pledged to serve for 18 months until new elections . And she made history , becoming Central Asia 's first female head of state and head of government in a traditional , majority-Muslim country . But making history has not solved the mountain of problems she faces . The Kyrgyz government is faltering . There are other major challenges , Otunbayeva says , including sharp increases in food prices and a budget shortfall . There are security problems : the central Asian nation borders Tajikistan , a neighbor of Afghanistan . One of the first tasks Otunbayeva and her fellow opposition leaders worked on , after years of presidential rule , was introducing a new constitution with a parliamentary system . "  As head of provisional government , I was everything : speaker , head of the government , interim president . We steadily reached what we had promised . And today power is not any more in the hands of any one person . " Asked what is the biggest danger for a country after a revolution , she points out that the Kyrgyz revolution was led by young people , just as the uprisings in many of the Arab and North African countries have been . "  They said enough is enough , all this bribery and corruption . " But the Kyrgyz revolution was followed by violent ethnic fighting in the south of Kyrgyzstan . "  We lost people there , a lot of victims , " Otunbayeva recalls . The uprsising in Kyrgyzstan came after unrest in that country in 2005 that has come to be called the "  Tulip Revolution , " which led to the ouster of then-President Askar Akaev . In any country undergoing revolution it 's critically important , she says , that whoever ends up holding power be very attentive to long-standing issues like ethnic rivalries . "  You should have an exact plan of action , how you 'll fix it , " she says . "  Otherwise it will put you in danger . " Kyrgyzstan had some advantages over a few Mideast and North African nations : after the fall of the Soviet Union it introduced freedom of speech and assembly . It has a strong civil society and trade unions . Many young Kyrgyz study in the United States . Otunbayeva says events of last year were some of the toughest and most dramatic in Kyrgyz history . It was n't just an issue of survival , she says , but an issue "  of sovereignty , of independence , of unity of the nation . " "  We are an ancient nation in Central Asia on the Silk Road , quite famous . We have a rich history and traditions , " she says . It was a test for her country , and for herself . Otunbayeva says it 's important to be a role model for young women . "  The situation is not as good as it was before , " she says . Fundamentalist religion , she says , is on the rise and , as a result , the situation of women has deteriorated in her region . "  In such a circumstances , to be a leader of the nation , this is really , I guess , a good impetus for thousands and thousands of women to be in the forefront of the nation . And I hope I will be a really good example . " Receiving the Women of Courage award from Hillary Clinton , Otunbayeva was cited for "  courageous leadership ... binding together a historically fractious opposition into a provisional government structure able to check the struggles for power from stirring up wider divisions in society . " Central Asia expert Martha Brill Olcott of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace says : "  That 's really a very conscious goal of hers , to be this example of the first woman in office in the region . "  She has a strong sense of historic mission about what she 's doing . She wants to make a revolution that 's successful , that makes Kyrgyzstan a sustainable democracy , and even more than being the first woman , she really wants to be the first person who leaves  office  ... She sees it not only as making a revolution but creating a model that somebody could walk out the door . " Otunbayeva explains it this way : "  As it happened , I was the person around whom other parties , political leaders , rallied . I 'm one of many millions of women in my country . And I 'm proud to say that we 've done this job . We did n't lose our sovereignty . We did it . " Smiling broadly , she says : "  So , women can do something in Kyrgyzstan . "	Kyrgyzstan 's president received a "  Women of Courage " award in Washington In an interview , Rosa Otunbayeva discusses her country 's revolution a year aga She is disappointed that violence in her country did not spark international outrace She is making history in Kyrgyzstan , "  And I 'm proud to say that we 've done this job "
EW.com  -- The wait for Glee fans is finally over ! The Fox musical comedy returns Tuesday night with a brand-new episode titled Frenemies , where Santana auditions and snags the role of Rachel 's understudy in Funny Girl , causing a feud resulting in Rachel moving out . Back in Lima , Tina and Artie battle to be the class valedictorian . Last month , Fox confirmed the show would be moving permanently to New York City for the remainder of the current season and for season 6 , which will be the series ' last . EW talked to the cast on the Glee set while celebrating their special two-part 100th episode airing March 18 and March 25 , when several past members of the New Directions come back to McKinley for a week to celebrate what the now-disbanded  !  glee club did for them . Read on to find out exactly when we will be saying goodbye to Lima , plus some teases about upcoming performances . Can you say foam party ? Bye-bye , Lima ! So when will the show say goodbye to Ohio for good ? The 100th episode is divided into two parts , and Lea Michele told EW that by the end of that second episode , it 'll be the Big Apple from then on . Some are calling episode 101 the Lima season finale , as it will also feature the graduation of the current seniors before some of them make the move east . New to New York Rachel , Santana , and Kurt will be joined in the city that never sleeps by Artie  going to film school  , Sam  to model  , and Blaine  to get married ?  . Michele also told us that Amber Riley 's Mercedes will be popping up in a couple of episodes too . But what about Jane Lynch and Sue Sylvester ? Lynch said she has n't been written into any of the New York scripts yet but is not officially done with the show by any means . Fox confirms ` Glee ' moving setting exclusively to NYC "  I guess we have to get back into our characters " Darren Criss wanted to make it clear that just because the show 's setting is moving to New York , that does n't necessarily mean the entire cast is . Joking that many people have asked if the show 's move meant he had to move permanently too , Criss said , "  I do n't know if you understand how TV works . We do n't actually shoot in Lima , Ohio . " Of course a lot of the show will be filmed in New York , but the majority of production is likely to remain in Los Angeles , for now . But the vibe of the group seems different . Michele noted that at one point while filming , the cast was talking to each other and so in the moment catching up , that they did n't realize that they had actually begun to tape the scene and had called action . Whoops . Michele is n't sure if any of what they were actually talking about got into the episode but was quick to note at the time , "  I guess we have to get back into our characters . " No more school stories The show is going to take on more adult-oriented stories in New York , dealing with real post-high school life issues . "  We are gon na take some time just in NY . See where that takes us , " executive producer Brad Falchuk said . "  We 're really excited about adult stories out of high school when nobody gives a hoot about you . How does that feel to suddenly be nobody from being the biggest hero ? " Klaine forever after ? "  When you move in with somebody in any relationship , it 's going to be a challenge . I think they are going to face some challenges together and see if they can get through them or not , " Criss teased about the post-proposal life of Blaine and Kurt in New York together . "  There are some cool , very adult themes that are exciting to explore . Fans that have gotten older while watching the show can relate . " EW 's ` Glee ' coverage The foam party you wish you were invited to Though details are still wrapped up , Falchuk teased that guest stars Kristin Chenoweth and Gwyneth Paltrow , both reprising their roles from earlier seasons of the show , appear in some amazing musical numbers together , including one centered around Mr. Schuester  Matthew Morrison  and lots of foam . Luckily , everyone got to join in on the fun too . "  Let 's just say , we party . It 's a party like all the time on Glee . You might want to quote me exactly how I said that , " Criss playfully said . Criss joined the show after both blond bombshells had already made their guest appearances , so he did n't get to work with them . But now ? "  I was closer than I ever thought I would get to Gwyneth Paltrow in my lifetime , so I 'll take it ! " Plus , here is the list of fan-favorite songs that will be in the 100th episode : 1 . Keep Holding On * featuring Mark Salling  Puck 2 . Valerie * featuring Naya Rivera  Santana  and Heather Morris  Brittany 3 . Defying Gravity * featuring Lea Michele  Rachel  , Chris Colfer  Kurt  and Amber Riley  Mercedes 4 . Raise Your Glass * featuring Matthew Morrison  Will  and Kristin Chenoweth  April 5 . Toxic * featuring Naya Rivera  Santana  , Heather Morris  Brittany  and Dianna Agron  Quinn 6 . Happy featuring Gwyneth Paltrow  Holly  , Kristin Chenoweth  April  , Matthew Morrison  Will  , Darren Criss  Blaine  and Amber Riley  Mercedes 7 . Party All the Time featuring Gwyneth Paltrow  Holly 8 . Total Eclipse of the Heart * featuring Matthew Morrison  Will  and Kristin Chenoweth  April 9 . Loser Like Me * featuring Darren Criss  Blaine  , Kevin McHale  Artie  , Chord Overstreet  Sam  and Jenna Ushkowitz  Tina 10 . Be Okay featuring Lea Michele  Rachel  and Naya Rivera  Santana 11 . I Am Changing featuring Amber Riley  Mercedes  and Chris Colfer  Kurt 12 . Just Give Me a Reason - featuring Dianna Agron  Quinn  and Mark Salling  Puck 13 . Do n't Stop Believin ' * - featuring Lea Michele  Rachel  , Darren Criss  Blaine  , Chris Colfer  Kurt  , Matthew Morrison  Will  , Kevin McHale  Artie  and Jenna Ushkowitz  Tina See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Glee " returns Tuesday night The show will be permanently set in NYC Kristin Chenoweth and Gwyneth Paltrow will appear together
New York  CNN  -- It came as no surprise to anyone who is a baseball fan that last year on September 28 a flurry of articles marked the 50th anniversary of Ted Williams ' final game . Williams ended his career as few major leaguers do , with a home run in his final at bat . But this year as we approach the 51st anniversary of the game that ended Williams ' career in 1960 , it is time to turn our attention to novelist John Updike . It is the story Updike wrote for the New Yorker , "  Hub Fans Bid Kid Adieu , " that has allowed Williams ' last hurrah to take on a life of its own and that last year prompted critic Charles McGrath to argue that "  Hub Fans " is "  probably the most celebrated baseball essay ever . " Thanks to Updike , Williams ' last home run is far better known than his even more remarkable feat -- which took place exactly 70 years ago this month -- of going six for eight on the final day of the 1941 season to lift his average to .406 and become the last man in baseball to hit .400 . Like Updike , I was at Williams ' final game . I cut the graduate school poetry class I normally went to three afternoons a week for the chance to see Williams end his career . I had expected to get stuck sitting in the center field bleachers , but Fenway Park was not even half filled . Only 10,454 fans showed up for the game with the Baltimore Orioles . The Red Sox were a seventh-place ball club in 1960 , and even for Ted Williams , most Bostonians were unwilling to take off work on a Wednesday afternoon so gloomy that in the sixth inning the stadium lights were turned on . I got good seats along the third base line , and in the fifth inning I was able to move down to the field boxes next to the visitors ' dugout . The ushers could not have cared less . Before the game Williams was honored with a Paul Revere silver bowl and speeches from Boston 's mayor and Red Sox television announcer Curt Gowdy , but the ceremonies felt perfunctory . Like the small Fenway Park crowd , they reflected Boston 's divided view of Ted Williams . He was someone to admire but not to love , and in his final game he stayed true to form . In his last time at bat in an otherwise meaningless game , Williams pulled his miracle . In the eighth inning on the third pitch to him , he hit a towering home run to right field that cleared the Red Sox bullpen with plenty to spare . It was the 521st home run in a baseball career that had been interrupted by service as a Marine pilot during World War II and the Korean War . The home run was the perfect stage exit , but as Williams trotted around the bases with his head down , he made no effort to dwell on the drama of the moment . Once in the Red Sox dugout , he refused to come out despite the chants of "  We want Ted , " and when at the start of the ninth inning manager Mike Higgins sent Williams out to his left field position , then instantly replaced him , he jogged back to the Red Sox dugout with his eyes firmly on the ground . As he had done since the end of his first year in the major leagues , Williams refused to tip his hat to the applauding fans . The Ted Williams whom Updike describes is a man divided between pride in his craft and determination to avoid making himself vulnerable to the whims of fans . But what sets Williams apart in Updike 's account is that his internal and external struggles have taken place before thousands in stadiums across the country . In his role as a marquee athlete , he has not had privacy since his rookie year of 1939 . As much as our contemporary culture will allow , Ted Williams is a man of mythic dimensions , In Updike 's story , ironically titled to sound as if it belonged on the sports page , Williams is both "  Achilles , the hero of incomparable powers and beauty , " and a figure who at rest looks like "  Donatello 's David . " But always he is larger than life . Circling the bases following his home run , Williams moves for Updike "  like a feather caught in a vortex . " Updike was able to capture more than any of us saw that afternoon at Fenway Park , and with the passage of time , his story of Ted Williams ' final game has become more powerful than the original experience . Updike 's account is all that thousands who were never at Fenway Park that fall afternoon , and who now outnumber those of us there , know of the heights on which Williams left the game . If Williams is our Achilles , then Updike is our Homer . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nicolaus Mills .	Nicolaus Mills : This year marks 70th anniversary of Ted Williams ' .400 season Mills says John Updike told lyrical story of Williams ' final game Williams hit a homerun in his last at bat , delighting a sparse crowd Williams declined to acknowledge the cheers of the fans
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A military offensive to rid Pakistan 's northwest of al Qaeda and Taliban fighters has killed more than 1,000 militants since it began in full force earlier this month , the country 's interior ministry said Sunday . A Pakistani girl displaced by the offensive against the Taliban rests at a camp Saturday north of Islamabad . Officials also said that only 2 percent of the North West Frontier Province remains under Taliban control as a result of the operation . Both claims were difficult to verify independently . The government did not say whether the operation resulted in civilian casualties , or how many people it displaced . The United Nations said Saturday that more than a million people have been displaced as a result of the two-week-old offensive . The U.S-led coalition and NATO -- based in Afghanistan -- have long said Pakistan is not being proactive enough in battling militants who are launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . Pakistan has denied the claim . But the country 's military launched an intense operation to rout out militants from the area after Taliban fighters took control of a district just 60 miles from the capital , Islamabad . The control of the Buner district brought the Taliban closer to the capital of the nuclear-armed country than it had been since it mounted its insurgency . Watch car bomb , drone attack in Pakistan "	Pakistani troops fighting to oust Taliban militants from volatile province U.S-led coalition and NATO , based in Afghanistan , have long criticized Pakistan Islamabad , coalition says , not effective in halting border attacks from inside Pakistan Pakistan has denied the claims , has launched operations to rout out militants
Though initially reported missing , the English bulldog that was the mascot for sports teams at Louisiana Tech University actually died of heatstroke , officials said Wednesday . The veterinarian that kept Tech XX said a now-fired employee left the dog outside on Sunday . "  Tech XX was a member of our immediate family and a daily part of our lives for the past four years , " Patrick Sexton said in a statement . "  We are devastated over the circumstances of his passing , and there will be a large void in our hearts for some time to come . As with any family member , we will spend considerable time grieving his passing . " The university , in Ruston , said in a statement that since becoming the mascot in 2008 , Tech XX got superior care and a loving home from Sexton 's team . "  He will be remembered for being a fan favorite and a symbol of the spirit of Louisiana Tech , " the university said . Originally the worker said he let the dog out to go to the bathroom and the dog went missing , Sexton said . Students and residents went looking for the canine . His predecessor , Tech XIX , was retired in 2007 because of health concerns after suffering heatstroke , the university said on its website .	At first , employee said dog went missing when the canine went outside Vet that cared for the dog says it died of heatstroke The worker has been fired , veterinarian Patrick Sexton said Louisiana Tech says dog was a "  symbol of the spirit " of the school
CNN  -- This weekend 's kick-off at the 28th Africa Cup of Nations launches a three-week explosion of color and noise in the soccer-crazy continent . The tournament is set to transfix the region as 16 teams go head-to-head to be crowned footballing kings of Africa , but there is also a tinge of trepidation in the air . That 's because the 2010 installment in Angola was overshadowed by a machine gun attack on the Togo team bus that left three people dead and organizers -- the Confederation of African Football  CAF  -- having to defend the decision to stage it there . This year 's co-hosts Equatorial Guinea and Gabon are the smallest nations ever to hold the event -- which is also known as AFCON -- giving rise to concerns about security , as well as travel and tourism infrastructure . CNN examines the complex nature of the event , investigating the issues on and off the field . The hosts Oil-rich Equatorial Guinea and Gabon are the smallest countries ever to ever host the Africa Cup of Nations , with a combined population of just over two million . The fact they were chosen underlines the Confederation of African Football  CAF  policy to use the tournament as an investment tool , hoping to drive tourism and business long after the soccer extravaganza has gone . "  It is only the second time that Central Africa has the honor to host the most prestigious competition on the continent . The first time was 40 years ago in my country , Cameroon , " CAF spokesman Habuba Suleiman told CNN . "  It has become something unique allowing us to complete our major language areas ; Arabic , Anglophone , Francophone , Lusophone and today Hispanic with Equatorial Guinea . "  Each of the co-hosts could perhaps not afford to host a competition of 16 teams alone . We had a first experience in 2000  hosted by Ghana and Nigeria  and it was not entirely satisfactory . This time the two countries have cooperated very well as evidenced by the decision to grant common visas to both countries . This is a great step forward . " But there is pressure on them to deliver a successful and safe Cup of Nations after 2010 's pre-tournament tragedy in Angola -- which had only recently emerged from a civil war lasting three decades . According to African football expert Mark Gleeson , who has been to every tournament since 1992 , CAF 's decision to take the tournament to new territories has had mixed success . "  When you award AFCON to places like Burkina Faso , Mali , Angola or Gabon , you find that coffers for sporting infrastructure that would be normally be difficult to open suddenly emerge and you 're leaving a legacy of football infrastructure , " he told CNN . "  CAF have actively pursued that line over the last two decades , sometimes to the detriment of the tournament -- in Gabon there is n't a hotel room for neither love nor money . "  Luckily in Africa there are not too many traveling fans so that 's not much of a problem , but infrastructure is poor : how do you get from one venue to the next ? "  There is n't the immense pressure on traveling fans as there would be in Europe . What would you rather have -- a stadium that allows a nation to participate competitively in football versus disgruntled visitors that ca n't find a hotel room for two weeks ? " The culture of chaos The deadly attack on Togo 's team led to questions about the tournament 's organization and security , but according to Gleeson , the Africa Cup of Nations ca n't be judged by similar standards to the World Cup or the European Championships . "  The tournament has a unique , chaotic charm , maybe that has an appeal , " he said . "  My experience is that nothing is ever ready -- it is all a patch-up job . "  But if the football kicks off at the appointed time , the TV cameras are in place and the whistle is blown , it does n't matter whether the accreditation machine broke down five hours before . "  I think there 's far too much emphasis on all the other sideshows that there needs to be . It 's important to have the competition taking place , to have a good intensity that African football followers will enjoy . " Suleiman said security arrangements are the responsibility of the host nations , not the ruling body . "  We do n't have an army to check security . We are a group of peaceful people who are convinced that football has to be a factor of unity , friendship and fraternity , " he told CNN . "  We were all ruffled by what happened in Angola . It was a tragedy that touched us profoundly . I hope that never repeats itself . The opportunity There may be huge pressure on the co-hosts , but the pride they feel at staging the African soccer showcase is palpable . Gabon spent an estimated $ 500 million on stadiums and infrastructure despite them being tiny in comparison to hosts of other major tournaments , like China , who spent an estimated $ 42 billion on the 2008 Olympics . Hugues Dowe , from Gabon 's local organizing committee , told CNN that hosting of the Cup of Nations is "  something exceptional . " "  Finally hosting the tournament means so many opportunities for Gabon and its people , " he said . "  When you host the Cup of Nations you ca n't expect benefits immediately . But we have built big infrastructure in terms of hosting the tournament like roads , stadiums and hotels . "  These big investments are very important for development of our country , particularly in sports and tourism sectors . " "  The security in Gabon will be the best organized of any country which hosted the tournament before us . Dowe also insisted there would be enough hotel rooms to accommodate the 80,000 expected visitors , as well as the many journalists descending on the competition , while the four stadiums that are hosting matches across the two countries are open and ready for kick-off . "  I have never heard of problems without solutions , " Suleiman said . "  In Africa , small problems always end up being arranged . "  CAF belongs to each of the 53 national associations . They all have the right to bid to host without any exception . With each new edition of the competition , the AFCON has become a factor of economic development in terms of structures and infrastructures . "  We would not have had all these beautiful stadiums in Africa without the AFCON . Roads have been constructed , medical facilities built , zones electrified and development of new technologies accelerated . It is something CAF can legitimately be proud of . " The tournament AFCON is the planet 's third biggest football tournament , behind the World Cup and the European Championships . The biennial competition is contested by 16 teams split into four groups . Each country will host matches in two cities . Saturday 's opening Group A matches will be in Equatorial Guinea 's former capital Bata , while other games will be held in Malabo -- its 1969 successor . In Gabon a new 40,000-seater stadium has been built in the capital Libreville , with help from the Chinese government , and will host the final . In Franceville , the Stade de Franceville has been refurbished to hold 35,000 spectators . The top two teams from each group go through to the quarterfinal stage . The final will be held in Gabon 's capital , Libreville , on February 12 . The teams The qualified nations are : Group A -- Equatorial Guinea , Libya , Zambia , Senegal ; Group B -- Ivory Coast , Sudan , Burkina Faso , Angola ; Group C -- Gabon , Niger , Morocco , Tunisia ; Group D -- Ghana , Botswana , Mali , Guinea . There is a notable list of absentees . Egypt , who won the last three titles , failed to qualify along with African heavyweights Cameroon , South Africa and Nigeria . The rise of African football in recent years means some of the world 's biggest soccer stars will be on show , such as the Ivory Coast 's Chelsea striker Didier Drogba and Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure , as well as Mali 's Seydou Keita , who plays for European and Spanish champions Barcelona .	Africa Cup of Nations to be hosted by Gabon and Equatorial Guinea It is the first time either country has hosted continent 's showpiece event The duo are the smallest countries ever to host , leading to security fears The last tournament in Angola was overshadowed by a shooting on Togo squad
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's mother and four of his siblings announced Monday a tribute concert for the late pop singer to be held in Wales in October , but the lineup for talent is still a secret . Brothers Marlon , Tito and Jackie , sister La Toya and family matriarch Katherine Jackson attended the "  Michael Forever The Tribute Concert " announcement at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Monday morning . But the announcement exposed a major rift among members of the Jackson family , especially with Jackson brothers Jermaine and Randy , who did not attend the news conference . They objected to the show because it 's scheduled to happen during the criminal trial of the doctor accused in Michael Jackson 's death . "  We want to make clear that this does not reflect the position of the entire family , " the two brothers said in a joint statement . "  While we wholeheartedly support the spirit of a tribute that honors our brother , we find it impossible to support an event that is due to take place during the criminal trial surrounding Michael 's death , " they said . While the head of the British company promoting the show , Global Events Live , hinted it could include a Jackson brothers reunion , the statement from Jermaine and Randy Jackson on Monday indicated that would not happen . "  In light of this , we feel it is inappropriate to be involved with such an ill-timed event and its promoter , Global Live , " Randy and Jermaine Jackson said . Their statement said the idea of the October concert was presented to the entire family in April "  as an idea already in its advanced stages . " The decision to go ahead with it "  disrespects opinions and wishes expressed in the strongest terms " by some members of the Jackson family , they said . La Toya Jackson said the "  tribute will be something that 's spectacular " and is "  far , far , well overdue . ' The Jacksons ' mother called it "  a show fit for a king , " "  If my son were here today , he would feel the same way , " Katherine Jackson said . Executors for the late pop singer 's estate were unaware of the planned tribute , estate spokesman Jim Bates told CNN . "  The estate has not been contacted and is not involved with Global Live Events in the UK tribute concert announced today , " he said . The show will "  feature the world 's most amazing music performers , " according to the head of British promoter Global Live . The roster will be revealed online one act at a time over the next two weeks , starting Tuesday , Chris Hunt said . All profits from the show would go to several U.S. and British charities , including a cancer group created by the prince of Wales , Hunt said . The October 8 show , in the Wales Millennium Centre in Cardiff , Wales , would be at least four hours long , Hunt said . The venue will seat up to 75,000 people , he said . "  I know my brother would be very , very proud to see all the artists that he admired and respected so much coming together for this event , " Tito Jackson said . Hunt presented the Jackson family with a $ 100,000 check that will go to a trust fund for Michael Jackson 's three children , which they can access when they turn 21 . The children , Katherine Jackson and unidentified charities are the sole beneficiaries of Jackson 's wealthy estate .	Jackson brothers Jermaine and Randy call the tribute ill-timed The tribute is "  far , far , well overdue , " La Toya Jackson says Jackson 's mother , sister and three brothers made the announcement Jackson estate executors have not authorized the show , a spokesman says
CNN  -- Children playing in a Texas suburb made a gruesome discovery Monday -- the decomposing body of a child on a residential street . Authorities are n't sure who left the body under a tarp in Saginaw , a northern suburb of Fort Worth . So far , police have very few clues . "  We are looking for a red truck . We do n't have a model or a make , " Saginaw police spokesman Damon Ing told CNN . He said the truck has green paint splattered on its right rear quarter panel . Police said they do n't know the child 's identity and would not disclose the child 's gender . CNN affiliate KTVT said no children from the area have been reported missing . KTVT said the body was decomposed , making it difficult for officials to determine the child 's gender .	NEW : KTVT : The child 's body was decomposing The body was found on a residential street in Saginaw Police are looking for a red truck with green paint splattered on it
CNN  -- Friends of a 22-year-old Kentucky soldier suspected of spying expressed shock Wednesday , describing him instead as a patriotic and simple country boy dedicated to his job . Spc. William Colton Millay of Owensboro , Kentucky , was arrested Friday at Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson , Alaska , according to Col. Bill Coppernoll , the public affairs officer at the base . The Army did not disclose the circumstances surrounding Millay 's arrest but his name immediately appeared online in conjunction with Bradley Manning , the Army private suspected of leaking classified information to the website WikiLeaks . But FBI spokesman Eric Gonzalez said Millay 's arrest had no connection to WikiLeaks . Nor did it involve any transfer of information , Coppernoll said . "  While we ca n't go into any specifics , this is completely different than the Manning case in that it does not involve the transfer of data on computer networks , " he said . Coppernoll said any information that might have been transferred was stopped and that "  Millay was being observed well before any damage could have occurred . " Millay was hardly fitting of a spy persona , said longtime friend Drew Bramschreiber of Owensboro . "  He 's just a simple country boy , " he said . "  He was never the kind of guy who would get into trouble . " Millay was not even that computer-savvy , Bramschreiber said . Millay was assigned to the 164th Military Police Company , 793rd Military Police Battalion , 2nd Engineer Brigade , known as the "  Arctic Enforcers . " The unit was sent earlier this year to Afghanistan . But Millay was part of the rear detachment and did not deploy , though his friends said he had done a tour the year before . Millay had been under investigation by the FBI and Army counterintelligence agents , Coppernoll said , and will face military charges sometime this week . CNN tried to contact Millay 's family Wednesday . A man who answered a telephone call placed to his family 's home in Owensboro said , "  No comment , " and hung up . But his friends could not believe the news . "  You 've got the wrong guy , " said Janssen Payne . "  That 's just not who he is . " Payne , who now lives in Phoenix , Arizona , said Millay idolized his brother , who is also in the Army , and that he had been in the ROTC program in high school . He was a supporter of George W. Bush and the U.S. war effort in Iraq and Afghanistan , his friend said . There was n't much to do in Owensboro so Millay and his high school buddies hung out at the mall or at Walmart , Payne said . They were cut-ups , making YouTube videos that spoofed Bruce Willis in the "  Die Hard " movies . But Millay dreamed of joining the Army and in 2007 , he enlisted . One summer day , while on leave from Afghanistan , he showed up at Bramschreiber 's house in Owensboro . They drank a couple of beers and talked . Millay told him that it was hard being on edge all the time . But he was n't different at all , Bramschreiber said . "  I suppose anybody can get messed up with the wrong crowd , " he said . "  Colton could 've done that but he 's a smart guy . " Janssen said the only way Millay would do something illegal would be if he thought he were protecting someone who had been wronged . But without any details yet of why the Army suspected Millay , it was difficult for Janssen to fathom that his friend might be in trouble . Millay was in custody Wednesday at the Anchorage Correctional Complex . His arrest "  was the result of the close working relationship between the FBI and its military partners in Alaska , " said Mary Frances Rook , the special agent in charge of the FBI in Alaska . "  Through this ongoing partnership , we are better able to protect our nation . " CNN 's Sara Pratley and Carol Cratty contributed to this report	NEW : William Colton Millay 's friends were shocked by the news of his arrest The Army specialist is suspected of espionage The case had no connection to WikiLeaks nor was any data transferred , the Army says A friend describes Millay as "  loyal to his country "
CNN  -- Germany 's triple world champion Sebastian Vettel will continue to win titles even if he moves on from Red Bull , three-time world champion Niki Lauda has told CNN . On Sunday , the 25-year-old became the youngest triple world champion in the history of the sport becoming only the third driver to win three consecutive titles , following in the footsteps of racing legends Michael Schumacher and Juan Manuel Fangio . After winning this year 's title when finishing sixth in Brazil 's Interlagos to beat Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso by three points , the German said he was ` extremely committed ' to a team he is contracted to until the end of 2014 . Nonetheless , Lauda says Vettel 's quality is such that he will continue to beat the world 's best when the inevitable happens and he moves on from Red Bull . "  He will eventually move somewhere else , " said Lauda , who won his titles with both Ferrari  1975 and 1977  and McLaren  1984  . "  It 's normal . Any skier changes his skis every year -- so you have to change your cars at least once in your history . "  I changed my racing cars three or four times in my career and still kept on winning . He will do something like this for sure as well . " Vettel has been strongly linked with a move to Ferrari in recent months , although representatives at both Maranello and the Red Bull driver have tried to dampen the speculation . Since Lauda 's last title , only three other drivers have won world championships with different manufacturers -- razil 's Nelson Piquet  Brabham and Williams  , Frenchman Alain Prost  McLaren and Williams  and Schumacher  Benetton and Ferrari  . Lauda , who joined Mercedes as a non-executive chairman in September , believes that the Red Bull car 's dominance has been key to Vettel 's success . "  Vettel is the top guy , -LSB- Lewis -RSB- Hamilton is the top guy , Alonso is the top guy , Schumacher is a top guy too , " Lauda . "  You need a car , and you need a driver . Vettel is for sure as good as Alonso is - but you need a better car . " Vettel 's latest triumph was greeted with delight in Germany , with Chancellor Angela Merkel among those leading the plaudits -- praising the driver 's ` fabulous strength of character ' . Prior to the German 's success on Sunday , the previous youngest driver to win three titles was the late Ayrton Senna -- who achieved the feat at the age of 31 . Meanwhile , Williams have confirmed Venezuela 's Pastor Maldonado and Valtteri Bottas of Finland as their driver pairing for the 2013 season . Bottas replaces Brazil 's Bruno Senna , the nephew of the late three-time world champion Ayrton Senna . ` It has always been my life-long dream to compete in the Formula One world championship , " the 23-year-old Bottas , a test driver for Williams in 2012 , said in an official statement . "  To do so with one of the most legendary teams in the sport is incredibly special . I 've really enjoyed my three years with Williams so far and feel very at home here so my goal was always to stay for 2013 and progress to a race seat . "  I 'm looking forward to getting my Formula One career started and enjoying a lot of success with Williams . " Maldonado enjoyed a successful second season in the sport , picking up the first race win of his fledgling career at this year 's Spanish Grand Prix .	Niki Lauda tips Sebastian Vettel to continue his title-winning success Austrian driver says the German will leave Red Bull in future Vettel 's contract with the constructor is set to expire at the end of 2014 Williams confirm Pastor Maldonado and Valtteri Bottas as drivers for 2013
Beijing  CNN  -- China on Tuesday criticized human rights groups ' accounts of a violent clash between Tibetan protesters and the Chinese police , accusing them of trying to "  distort the truth . " The dispute over what took place in a remote area of Sichuan Province comes at a sensitive time in China 's relationship with its Tibetan population after a string of self-immolations by Tibetan protesters in recent months . The International Campaign for Tibet , which promotes human rights for Tibetan people , reported Monday that thousands of Tibetans had marched on government offices before the police opened fire into the crowd , killing at least three protesters and wounding nine . Free Tibet , a London-based group that campaigns for Tibetan independence , said that one person was killed and as many as 30 others wounded by gunfire from the Chinese security forces . The rights groups said the protesters had been motivated by a recent security crackdown on Tibetans in the region following the circulation of pamphlets raising the prospect of more self-immolations . The reports , which could not be independently verified , contrasted with the account given by Xinhua , the official Chinese news agency . It reported that "  dozens of people , including some monks , stormed and smashed some stores along a main street and a police station " in the autonomous Tibetan prefecture of Ganzi in Sichuan . "  The mob , some armed with knives , threw stones at police officers and destroyed two police vehicles and two ambulances , " Xinhua reported , saying that the violence left one of the marchers dead and four wounded . Five police officers were also wounded , Xinhua said . The alternative versions of events from the Tibetan rights groups clearly angered the Chinese authorities . "  The attempts of overseas secessionist groups involving Tibet to distort the truth and discredit the Chinese government will not succeed , " Xinhua said Tuesday , citing Hong Lei , a spokesman for the Chinese Foreign Ministry . Xinhua described the rights groups ' accounts as "  ill-intentioned hype . " The protests come ahead of the Tibetan New Year on Feb. 22 and with tensions high following more than a dozen self-immolations by Tibetans in the past year . For a fifth straight year , China will close Tibet to foreign tourists again this year from the Tibetan New Year festival until the anniversary of a deadly anti-government riot among Tibetans in March , according to regional travel agents . Tibetans in the mountainous region of Ganzi , have called for more freedom and the return of the Dalai Lama , their spiritual leader who fled to India during an uprising against Chinese rule in 1959 . Calls to the Ganzi public security bureau and government office went unanswered on Tuesday . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	A clash between Tibetan protesters and Chinese police leaves at least one person dead China 's official news agency and Tibetan rights groups offer conflicting versions of events A Chinese government official accuses the rights groups of trying to "  distort the truth " The clash comes after a string of self-immolations by Tibetan protesters in recent months
CNN  -- Nearly two centuries ago Wednesday , Massachusetts Gov. Elbridge Gerry signed an obscure redistricting law that helped his party stay in office and , more importantly , codified one of the most enduring legacies in U.S. politics : gerrymandering . The U.S. House of Represenatives , home to many beneficiaries of gerrymandering . Now a part of an American lexicon often heard in Washington 's K Street bars and among "  inside-the-beltway " crowds , the term is seen as a combination of the governor 's name and the word "  salamander , " because of the salamander-like shape one electoral district took on after the redistricting . Elected governor in 1810 , Gerry signed the redistricting bill two years later , enabling greater and perhaps disproportionate Republican representation in the Massachusetts legislature . The controversial move has become a favorite across the country among incumbent parties , which pack opposition voters into districts already lost in an effort to minimize the opposition 's influence over the state 's broader electorate . But some political analysts cry foul . "  In the end , democracy comes out the big loser , " former federal prosecutor Edward Lazarus wrote in a 2004 column for CNN . "  The effect of such partisan gerrymandering is to block new entrants into high political office and to make the result of almost every congressional election a foregone conclusion . This , in turn , effectively disenfranchises all those voters who do n't support the preordained winner , " he wrote . In 2006 , the Supreme Court threw out part of a Texas congressional map , but found the overall redistricting plan orchestrated by House Republicans acceptable . The redistricting helped Republicans in Texas defeat four Democratic congressmen in the 2004 elections . The court ruled that the redistricting plan , promoted by then-U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay , unfairly weakened the voting strength of Latinos in two congressional districts . "  A state may not trade off the rights of some members of a racial group against the rights of other members of that group , " wrote Justice Anthony Kennedy . "  The question is therefore not whether line-drawing in the challenged area as a whole dilutes minority voting strength , but whether line-drawing dilutes the voting strength of the Latinos in -LSB- Texas ' -RSB- District 23 . " The court ordered that District 23 be redrawn . States are constitutionally required to redraw congressional districts every 10 years in line with population shifts documented by the U.S. Census Bureau , a part of the Department of Commerce . This year , controversy re-emerged when President Barack Obama announced a decision to cross party lines and nominate U.S. Sen. Judd Gregg , R-New Hampshire , to run the Commerce Department . The move sparked criticism from leaders of minority groups concerned that the Census Bureau under Gregg , who voted to abolish the Commerce Department in 1995 , might lack the resources needed to accurately count minorities . The White House promised to work directly with bureau 's director to assuage those concerns , but that response drew further criticism from House Republicans concerned about greater executive influence in the Census Bureau . In a letter to the president , House Republicans Patrick McHenry and Darrell Issa described the White House as "  circumventing the secretary of commerce " and called it "  both outrageous and unprecedented , " suggesting the Obama administration could affect U.S. census results and congressional districting due out in 2010 . The move , they say , could insulate Democratic congressional power . The White House said it recognizes the importance of an accurate census count "  free from politicization " and added it "  has not proposed removing the census from the Department of Commerce . " "  From the first days of the transition , the census has been a priority for the president , and a process he wanted to re-evaluate , " it said in an earlier statement . The method through which the Census Bureau collects data has long been a topic of partisan bickering . Republicans have generally favored the "  door-to-door " approach , which actually is done primarily by self-enumeration through the U.S. mail . Democrats commonly prefer a statistical sampling method meant to fill in "  population gaps " they say occur because some members of minority groups and homeless populations are missed by the door-to-door approach . A 1999 Supreme Court ruling said statistical sampling could not be applied to the redistribution of congressional seats , but it did not put gerrymandering of the political landscape entirely off limits . So , almost 200 years after Elbridge Gerry helped coin the term , gerrymandering remains a key part of American politics . CNN 's Bill Mears and Keating Holland contributed to this report .	Term coined after Massachusetts Gov. Gerry signed redistricting law in early 1800s Political parties can use tactic to pack opposition voters into districts already lost Gerrymandering still a key part of American politics It 's already becoming an issue with the 2010 census looming
CNN  -- Romanian authorities have arrested three men suspected in last year 's heist in the Netherlands at a Rotterdam art gallery , where paintings ranging from artists like Pablo Picasso to Claude Monet were on display . Police said the paintings taken had not been recovered but indicated that some of the works might be hidden in an undisclosed location in Romania . Read more : Picasso , Matisse paintings and more stolen from Netherlands museum Seven works of "  considerable value " disappeared in the museum theft , spokeswoman Mariette Maaskant said on Netherlands public radio . "  Initial investigations show the burglar was well prepared , " police said in a statement . Among the paintings taken were Picasso 's "  Tete d'Arlequin , " Henri Matisse 's "  La Liseuse en Blanc et Jaune , " and Monet 's "  Waterloo Bridge , London " and "  Charing Cross Bridge , London , " Rotterdam police said . Also taken were Paul Gauguin 's "  Femme devant une fenÃªtre ouverte , dite la Fiancee , " Meyer de Haan 's "  Autoportrait " and Lucian Freud 's "  Woman with Eyes Closed . " The Kunsthal museum 's alarm system went off shortly after 3 a.m. local time on a mid-October morning , alerting the exhibition hall 's private security detail . When security staffers arrived by car , they saw that the paintings were missing , Rotterdam police spokesman Roland Ekkers said . The works belong to a private collection that is being shown for the first time to the public , according to a Kunsthal statement . The Triton Collection has taken 20 years to assemble and includes more than 150 works of modern art from the "  late nineteenth century to the present day . " It spans art movements from impressionism and expressionism to cubism and constructivism .	Police say the paintings are not yet recovered They indicated some might be hidden in an undisclosed location in Romania Seven works of "  considerable value " disappeared in the museum theft
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Security forces patrolled the streets of the eastern Pakistan city of Gojra on Sunday , one day after seven people were killed and 20 injured when Muslim demonstrators set fire to houses in a Christian enclave and fighting broke out , authorities said . Pakistani human rights activists in Lahore protest on Saturday over the anti-Christian violence in Gojra village . Police said Muslims were enraged over an alleged desecration of pages in the Quran at a Christian wedding last Saturday , and held a rally to protest such an act . The Quran is the Muslim sacred text . Shehbaz Bhatti , federal minister for minorities , told CNN that four women , two men and a child , all Christians , were either killed when their houses were burned or were shot to death . Some 50 houses were burned down and more than 100 were looted by the protesters , Bhatti said . The incident occurred in Gojra City , 160 kilometers or around 100 miles southwest of Lahore . No violence was reported Sunday , Punjab Provisional Minister Rana Sana Ullah told CNN . There was a demonstration by about a thousand Christians who refused to bury their dead until the government registered a criminal case against those they alleged to have carried out the attacks . The government would register a criminal case , Sana Ullah said . Registering a case means a criminal investigation will be opened . Sana Ullah added that the government strongly condemned the incident . He said the attack was not a sectarian issue , but rather terrorism . He blamed the incident on attackers with ties to militants in Northwest Pakistan , where the government is carrying out an offensive against Taliban groups . On Thursday , 15 Christian houses in the region were also torched . Pakistan is predominantly Muslim but has a small Christian community . Meanwhile , police in Islamabad reported the Friday arrest of an al Qaeda member thought to be involved in several attacks . Bin Yamin , a senior police official in Islamabad , identified the militant as Rao Shakir Ali . He is suspected of being involved in strikes on several targets , such as the Danish Embassy , police and a hotel , and is also suspected of targeting a rally for Chief Justice Iftikhar Chauhdary , authorities said . The suspect is a resident of Sargodha , which is 165 kilometers  more than 100 miles  northwest of Lahore and has a house in Rawalpindi that has been used to facilitate insurgent acts , police said . CNN 's Tim Schwarz and Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Fighting broke out as Muslims torched 40 to 50 houses in Christian enclave Muslims enraged over an alleged desecration of Quran at a Christian wedding Muslims burned 15 Christian homes on Thursday Pakistan predominantly Muslim , but has a small Christian community
CNN  -- John Spinello created the game of "  Operation " nearly 50 years ago . Since then , millions have attempted to remove small plastic body parts from Cavity Sam without lighting up his red nose and hearing that sweat-inducing BUZZ . In a weird twist of fate , Spinello now needs an operation himself -- one he ca n't afford , according to a Crowdrise fundraiser launched by his friends . Hasbro , the current seller of "  Operation , " is planning to purchase Spinello 's original game prototype in hopes that "  the funds will help to defray his medical costs , " the company said in a statement Friday . It will be displayed at Hasbro 's global headquarters in Pawtucket , Rhode Island , to honor Spinello 's contribution to gaming history . Spinello , 77 , told the Huffington Post that he needs $ 25,000 in oral surgery . "  John has had a good life , but has admitted to us that he is struggling to pay his bills and is in need of a medical procedure without sufficient insurance coverage , " professional game inventors Tom Walsh and Peggy Brown wrote on Crowdrise . "  We launched this Crowdrise fundraiser to call on anyone who has ever played and loved Operation to send John a note and maybe , a monetary gift of appreciation . " Fans can also purchase an autographed copy of the classic game in honor of its upcoming 50th anniversary . Spinello was paid $ 500 for "  Operation , " which he sold to a toy invention firm , according to the website ILoveOperation.com . Because of the deal he cut , Walsh says , he was not entitled to royalties from the game . "  Operation " was originally licensed to Milton Bradley . The fundraiser page has surpassed its $ 25,000 goal by more than $ 4,000 . We just hope Spinello 's doctors are better at his game than we ever were . x	NEW : Hasbro has offered to purchase John Spinello 's original "  Operation " prototype Spinello , creator of the game , needs a medical procedure Spinello is struggling to pay his bills and does n't have sufficient health insurance , his friends say The game inventor was paid $ 500 for "  Operation " decades ago
CNN  -- Garrison Keillor , author and host of the folksy radio show "  A Prairie Home Companion , " was being treated Wednesday for a minor stroke he suffered over the weekend , a hospital spokesman said . Author Garrison Keillor attends an event in New York on November 18 , 2008 . Keillor , who turned 67 last month , was admitted to St. Mary 's Hospital at the Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota , on Sunday night , spokesman Karl Oestreich said in a news release . "  He is up and moving around , speaking sensibly , working at a laptop , and it 's expected he 'll be released on Friday , " Oestreich said . "  He plans to resume a normal schedule next week . " The live variety show "  A Prairie Home Companion " is aired on Minnesota Public Radio . Keillor launched the program on July 6 , 1974 , in a St. Paul , Minnesota , college theater before an audience of 12 people . According to a "  Backstage Chat " on the show , Keillor got the idea for it from watching the Grand Ole Opry . Keillor , also a storyteller and satirist , has written 11 books , including three for children . He was inducted into the Radio Hall of Fame in 1994 .	Garrison Keillor , 67 , was admitted to a hospital in Rochester , Minnesota , on Sunday Spokesman : "  He plans to resume a normal schedule next week " Keillor is expected to be released from the hospital on Friday
Health.com  -- Some children and teens are more likely than their peers to become addicted to the Internet , and a new study suggests it 's more likely to happen if kids are depressed , hostile , or have attention deficit hyperactivity disorder or social phobia . Teenagers who use the Internet so much that it interferes with everyday life and decision-making may be addicted . Although an Internet addiction is not an official diagnosis , signs of a potential problem include using the Internet so much for game playing or other purposes that it interferes with everyday life and decision-making ability .  The diagnosis is being considered for the 2012 edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders , the "  bible " of mental ailments published by the American Psychiatric Association  . Past research suggests that 1.4 percent to 17.9 percent of adolescents are addicted to the Internet , with percentages higher in Eastern nations than in Western nations , according to the study published Monday in the Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . The Internet as therapy In the survey of 2,293 seventh-grade students in Taiwan , 10.8 percent developed an Internet addiction , which was determined by a high score on an Internet addiction scale . Definitions vary , but an Internet addiction usually includes symptoms such as spending a lot of time on the Internet  especially more time than intended  , an inability to cut back on usage , a preoccupation with online activities , and symptoms of withdrawal such as anxiety , boredom , or irritability after a few days of not going online . The researchers from Kaohsiung Medical University Hospital , in Taiwan , followed the youngsters for two years and found that ADHD and hostility were linked to Internet addiction in children in general . In girls -- but not boys -- depression and social phobia also predicted problems . Health.com : Therapy that can help depression Boys were at a higher risk of Internet addiction than girls , and those who used the Internet for more than 20 hours a week , every day , or for online gaming , were at higher risk as well . Michael Gilbert , a senior fellow at the Center for the Digital Future at the University of Southern California 's Annenberg School for Communication , says the findings were no surprise . "  The study 's indication that children who are hyperactive or diagnosed ADHD are finding an outlet on the Web makes such perfect sense , " he says , because those children crave the constant stimulation of fast-paced video games and interactive social networks . Health.com : What your teen needs to know about sex Kids with depression , anger issues , or social problems also turn to the Internet as therapy , adds Gilbert , who was not involved in the study . "  They can take on an avatar or a different identity , and can contact other kids with the same problems and social inadequacies ; they do n't have to function in conventional social ways . " And while Gilbert is not surprised by the research -- he regularly studies the impact of the Internet and cell phone usage on family relationships -- he says it 's important that it is given the attention it deserves . "  I do n't get the feeling when I talk to therapists that they really understand the concept of addiction to the Internet , " he says . "  They think more in terms of pornography sites or gambling sites specifically , but Internet addiction itself is not fully understood yet by the therapeutic community . " What parents , doctors , and teachers can do Internet addiction may be not as widespread in the U.S. -- or at least not as well recognized -- as in Asian countries . In 2008 , for example , a Chinese survey showed that more than four million teenagers spend more than six hours a day online . Health.com : How to care for someone who is suicidal But if at-risk children -- such as those identified in the Taiwanese study -- are given sufficient time and exposure without careful monitoring , Internet addiction could easily become one of the most chronic childhood diseases in America , says Dr. Dimitri A. Christakis of the Center for Child Health , Behavior , and Development , in Seattle . Our culture practically mandates time online , he says , with Wi-Fi connections in coffee shops and BlackBerries and iPhones that allow Internet access almost anywhere . "  It would be as if we mandated that everyone drink two beers every day or everyone gamble for an hour every day , " says Christakis . Internet addiction among younger generations may often go unnoticed , however , because parents and pediatricians themselves are using the Web more than they 'd like . Health.com : Health hazards hidden in college dorms Since adolescents can not easily avoid computers , treatment for addiction can not simply involve abstaining from the Internet , says Christakis . Parents , educators , and medical professionals need to identify high-risk children early on and monitor their Internet usage to prevent problem behavior from forming . Time on the Internet needs to be monitored as well , especially for children who may be at high risk for addiction because of depression , ADHD , or social problems , says Christakis . "  You ca n't tell a kid never to use the Internet the way you 'd tell an alcoholic never to have a drink again , " he adds . "  But parents need to be thinking about what types of Internet or online gaming are particularly addictive . Ones that allow for continuous , real-time feedback are particularly risky . " Gilbert says that families should strive to make the Internet a healthy part of their home life . "  Putting the computer in a very public place , like the hallway , can integrate the Internet into normal life , rather than it becoming something you go off and do in secret , " he says . Health.com : I 'm bipolar and struggle with addiction Teachers and health-care professionals should also take the potential for Internet addiction seriously , according to Christakis , who cowrote an editorial published with the study . "  Our intention in raising this concern is not to be alarmist but rather to alert pediatricians to what might become a major public health problem for the United States in the 21st century , " he writes . The National Science Council of Taiwan funded the study . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Study found boys were at a higher risk of Internet addiction than girls Doctor : Treatment for addiction can not involve simply abstaining from the Internet Internet addiction may be not as widespread in the U.S. as in Asian countries It could become one of the most chronic childhood diseases in America , doctor says
CNN  -- Washington Redskins owner Dan Snyder was seen Sunday sitting with the outgoing president of the Navajo Nation as the NFL team continues taking heat for not changing its name , a term considered derogatory by many Native Americans . Fox Sports showed Ben Shelly and his wife -- both wearing Redskins hats -- sitting next to Snyder for the Redskins vs. Cardinals game in Arizona on Sunday . Outside of the stadium in Glendale , demonstrators who take issue with the name stood with signs lambasting the team 's name . Opinion : Why Redskins decision is wrong Shelly 's term expires in January . He ran for a second term but lost his re-election bid in the primary last year . Seattle Times gets rid of ` Redskins , ' joins tide against name Deswood Tome , a spokesman for Shelly , told CNN affiliate WJLA in Washington that Shelly was there to support a franchising agreement in which Snyder agreed to sell Navajo art and crafts at FedEx Field . The Cardinals defeated the Redskins , 30-20 . Tribal chief : No FedEx until Redskins change team name	The Washington Redskins owner sat with the Navajo Nation president . The two were seen Sunday at the Redskins vs. Cardinals game in Arizona . Demonstrators were outside the stadium protesting the NFL team 's name .
London , England  CNN  -- British pensioner Ethel Kendall was "  only 72 " when she left the United Kingdom in 1986 to be closer to her family in Canada . At the time , she was receiving the full British pension of just over # 38  $ 58  a week . Twenty-four years later , she is still receiving the same amount , and after a European Court of Human Rights ruling Tuesday she is not likely to receive any more . "  You know this is n't about me , " the 96-year-old told CNN on the phone from her home in Canada . "  It 's about the British government 's deception and dishonesty . Our contributions were deducted from source with the clear understanding that we would get a full pension on retirement , but somewhere along the lines they changed the rule . In my book , in our book , they 're guilty of both fraud and deception . " Kendall is one of more than half a million British expatriates living in countries including Canada , South Africa , Australia and New Zealand , whose pensions are not linked to inflation . On Tuesday , the European Court of Human Rights ruled by a majority of 11 to six that the British government had not breached their human rights by failing to "  up-rate " their pensions to bring them into line with the cost of living . Under British rules , pensioners in a number of countries who do not have reciprocal agreements with the UK receive the same pension they were entitled to in the year they left Britain . People who emigrated before retirement age receive the amount they would have received at retirement age in the UK . In Britain , men qualify for a pension at 65 , women at 60 . A British expatriate who retires to Australia , for example , receives less money each week than if they had contributed the same amount during their working life and then emigrated to Barbados , Croatia , the Philippines , the United States , or one of more than 40 countries which do have reciprocal UK agreements . Margaret Oxley moved to South Africa at the age of 23 after World War II . Now in her 80s , she receives a UK pension of just # 2  $ 3  a week . "  The exchange rate is ten to one . Then the bank takes charges you see . No , you ca n't survive . A loaf of bread is ten rand . I get around 20 rand a week . So it 's really not worth bothering about , " she said . Aging expatriates who have seen their pensions dwindle due to inflation and the falling value of the pound have been campaigning for change . The first court case was brought against the UK government in 2002 by Annette Carson , a British resident who moved to South Africa in 1989 . According to court documents , she receives a basic state pension of # 67.50  $ 103  -- # 14.55  $ 22  less than she would have received if her pension was index-linked . After failing to make her case in the British High Court , she took her claim to the British Court of Appeal and then the House of Lords . Many saw this week 's ruling in the European Court of Human Rights as the last legal avenue for recourse , but they are reluctant to give up the fight . "  I do n't think we 're going to make it the end of the road , " said John Markham , director of UK parliamentary affairs for the International Consortium of British Pensioners . "  Certainly I think we 're going to mobilize public opinion with the new parliament , " he added , referring to the upcoming British election expected on May 6 . The Vice President of the British Australian Pensioners Association , James Nelson said : "  Now it is up to the people still working or living in Britain to tell their government that they will no longer stand for this injustice . By paying increases in some countries and withholding them in others , the UK government severely limits our freedom of choice regarding where we can retire . " It is estimated that around 250,000 British pensioners living in Australia are affected by the British policy . "  This is a devastating result and it will affect the lives of many British expat pensioners . The living standards of many will only continue to decline , " said Jim Tilley , Chairman of British Pensions in Australia , who says one elderly woman there receives less than # 7  $ 10  a week after moving to the country in 1974 . In a short statement , the British Department for Work and Pensions said it had noted that the court found in favor of the government . "  We do not therefore plan to make any changes to the current arrangements , which allow for the exportability and up rating of UK State Pensions . " Ethel Kendall is still angry . Not only for herself , she says , but for the pensioners in Britain who may now be reluctant to leave . "  There are many very lonely people we know in the UK who would give anything to come to Canada to join their families but they do n't take that risk , " she said . A former nurse , Kendall worked part-time during and after World War II to ensure she could continue to support her three sons should anything happen to her husband . He was injured but lived for another 26 years after the war ended . A few years after his death , Kendall remarried . Only after losing her second husband in the mid-1980s did she move to join her family in Canada . She sold her home when prices were low but she says it did n't take long before her capital was eroded and she was relying on her UK pension for basic needs . "  It finished up with my family , not exactly subsidizing me with money , but buying big things for me , " she said . "  I 'm 96 now . I 've been fortunate ; Canada has been good to me . I 've been in subsidized housing for 20 years but it should n't be that way . " If her pension was indexed Kendall would be receiving # 82  $ 125  a week , more than twice as much as she does now . "  We 'd be lucky the way things are going now if we get a dollar for a pound . So , # 82 would be a darn sight better . "	British pensioner Ethel Kendall left the UK in 1986 to be closer to her family in Canada 24 years later , she is still receiving the same pension of just over # 38  $ 58  a week After a European Court of Human Rights ruling she is not likely to receive any more Over half a million British expatriates ' pensions are not linked to inflation
New York  CNN  -- A New York man suspected in the death of an elderly woman who was set on fire in the elevator of her Brooklyn apartment building over the weekend was arraigned Monday on charges of murder and arson . Jerome Isaac , 47 , is being held without bail , according to the Brooklyn District Attorney 's office , and is scheduled to appear in court again on Friday . He wore a white jumpsuit and did not speak during the arraignment . The left side of his face appeared to be badly burned . Isaac 's attorney requested his client receive medical attention and be placed in protective custody because of the "  publicity and the nature of the offense . " Isaac is accused of attacking 73-year-old Deloris Gillespie . He told police Gillespie owed him $ 2,000 for work he claims he did for her , said NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne . He turned himself in to police overnight Saturday or early Sunday morning . Neighbors said the woman was returning home to her fifth-floor apartment in Prospect Heights after a grocery store trip Saturday . A preliminary investigation showed Isaac standing outside the elevator on the fifth floor and attacked the woman as she was attempting to exit , authorities said . The incident was caught on surveillance cameras inside and outside the elevator , and police have the videotapes , Browne said . Authorities believe Isaac initially sprayed the woman with a flammable liquid , presumably gasoline , and continued to spray her as he followed her back into the elevator , Browne said . The woman was first sprayed in the face , he said . Then , using "  one of those long lighters that you would use for a grill , he lit a Molotov cocktail and used the burning leg on top of that to ignite her body , " Browne said . The suspect stepped out of the elevator , threw the Molotov cocktail inside , then returned again to spray more liquid on the woman as she burned , he said . "  This is as bad as it gets , " Browne told CNN 's Don Lemon . Authorities responding to a 911 call of a fire found the woman 's body inside the elevator . She was pronounced dead at the scene , according to police . Isaac lived about 10 minutes away from Gillespie 's apartment building , Brown said . After the incident , he apparently returned home and ignited the door to his own apartment , he said . He was concerned he had burned himself in the second incident , although no one else was injured , Browne said . He then hid out on a rooftop for a while and fell asleep , later going into a police station "  reeking of gasoline " and telling officers he was responsible for a fire . During questioning , Browne said , he implicated himself in Gillespie 's death . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	47-year-old Jerome Isaac is being held without bail He is accused of setting a 73-year-old woman on fire Isaac is scheduled to appear in court again on Friday His lawyer requests he be placed in protective custody
CNN  -- Hjalti á Lava was searching his iPhone for a Bible app when he stumbled across Church Online , a service of Web site LifeChurch.tv . Soon he was regularly logging into the Oklahoma-based cyber-church -- some 4,100 miles away from á Lava 's home in the Faroe Islands , west of Norway . "  It allows me to connect with others and have conversations about the message , " says á Lava , who shares his faith with other believers in the site 's live chat room . "  Technology allows us today to have fellowship across borders and cultures . " In doing so , á Lava joined growing numbers of Christians worldwide who are migrating from the chapel to the computer . A map on the Church Online site showed users from 22 countries logged into a recent service . Online religious services offer convenience to those who are too isolated or infirm to attend a real-world church . But can worshipping via a computer offer true spiritual fulfillment ? Internet pastors and parishioners cite their 24-hour access to interactive tools and social-networking platforms to show their online experiences are as meaningful as those that take place with face-to-face congregations . "  We were blown away at how people could actually worship along -LSB- online -RSB- , " says Craig Groeschel , senior pastor at LifeChurch.tv . "  The whole family will gather around the computer , and they 'll sing and they 'll worship together . Instead of trying to get people to come to a church , we feel like we can take a church to them . " But critics believe virtual worship separates followers from a trinity of spiritual essentials found in brick-and-mortar Christian churches : community , Communion and connection with Christ . "  Online church is close enough to the real thing to be dangerous , " says Bob Hyatt , a pastor who leads the brick-and-mortar Evergreen Community Church in Portland , Oregon . In a blog post for ChristianityToday.com , he writes that calling it virtual church "  gives people the idea that everything they need is available here . " The debate is an extension of a wider argument over social interaction in virtual environments versus the physical world . But because practices of faith are involved , both sides are deeply invested in the outcome , seeing it as a statement on the nature of the Christian person 's relationship with God . Supporters of online churches have a common response to their skeptics : Try before you criticize . The virtual experience goes far beyond using live chat rooms to exchange emoticons instead of hugs and handshakes , they say . Links allow congregants to "  raise their hand " and publicly commit to Christ , while prayer requests and one-on-one guidance are a click way . Sermon notes can be shared and discussed . And many online churches are aided by volunteers , allowing them to hold services several times each day . The Internet campus of the Flamingo Road Church in Cooper City , Florida , pulls in more than 2,000 congregants from around the world during its Sunday services . Pastor Doug Gramling said his three children are part of the Internet generation that will eventually decide the future of worship . They use Web tools to stay in constant connection with friends over vast distances , which Gramling says "  gives me confidence that it can happen in online church . " But the disconnect from physical closeness is what Hyatt said he 's "  fighting hardest against . " His own church offers online extensions such as podcasts and forums . But he believes "  the computer screen is a supplement , not a replacement . " Hyatt and other critics are particularly distressed by the online offering of traditional sacraments , such as Communion and baptism . He believes it is "  ridiculous " that someone can grab grape juice and a cracker from the fridge and watch a computer screen , thinking they are truly participating in a gathering of the faithful . "  Something about the physical presence , breaking the same bread , is what Communion is meant to be , " he says . But Church Online participant Donna Cole disagrees . "  Knowing that others are also celebrating Communion , regardless of location , makes it an especially wonderful time , " says Cole , who believes real-world Communion can ring hollow . "  When I 've taken Communion in live surroundings , I often got the sense that it was ritualistic and without meaning . " Matthew Bailey , a parishioner in the Franktown United Methodist Church in Virginia , believes that the meaning of the ritual is what matters . "  If people are willing to go to the trouble of giving their own Communion , then it is quite probably ` real ' for them , " he says . While Bailey chooses to remain at his face-to-face church , he believes any person "  faithfully attending an online church service , is being more proactive , and thus probably more attentive , than many longtime churchgoers . " Douglas Estes , lead pastor of Berryessa Valley Church in San Jose , California , and author of "  SimChurch , " a book about Internet church services , would like to see this debate go away . "  The Bible sees church not as a man-made building but as a people gathered to glorify God with their lives , " he says . Estes believes the quality of a community should be judged by the spiritual fellowship it offers . "  There is only one substantive difference between an online church and a brick-and-mortar church : The place where they meet . "	A growing number of Christians worldwide are migrating from the chapel to the computer Online religious services offer convenience to those who ca n't attend a real-world church Critics believe virtual worship lacks spiritual essentials , such as community Critics also are upset by the online offering of sacraments such as Communion
CNN  -- When James Huberty walked into a McDonald 's restaurant 25 years ago this month , he knew he was going to kill somebody . He probably did n't know his murderous rampage would change how police departments work . Police help a wounded customer out of a California McDonald 's where a man killed 21 people in 1984 . At 3:40 p.m. on July 18 , 1984 , Huberty carried a long-barreled Uzi , a pump-action shotgun and a handgun into a McDonald 's in San Ysidro , an enclave of San Diego , California . Witnesses said the unemployed welder and security guard started shooting immediately , and kept on shooting for 77 minutes until a police sniper on a nearby rooftop ended the siege with a bullet through Huberty 's heart . When the carnage ended , Huberty and 21 victims -- including grandmothers , an infant , children on bicycles and teenage McDonald 's employees -- lay dead inside and outside the restaurant . Nineteen others were wounded . San Diego police Capt. Miguel Rosario , a patrol officer back then , was the first cop on the scene , believing he was responding to a single accidental shooting . Carrying a standard-issue .38 - caliber revolver with six bullets , the Marine Corps veteran was in for the fight of his life against a much-better-armed opponent . "  Talk about feeling inadequate , " Rosario said . "  He 's got an Uzi , I 've got a .38 , and I 'm thinking it 's a robbery gone bad and his buddies are going to encircle me . " Rosario would later play a key role in beefing up officers ' weaponry and training to stop violent criminals . When Rosario arrived at the McDonald 's , he saw people hiding behind cars in the lot . He did n't know what was going on , but "  I got that little sick feeling in the pit of my stomach , " he said . Watch the chaos outside the McDonald 's " He looked up to see a man -- Huberty -- open a side door of the restaurant , the Uzi across his chest . The two men eyed each other , and then Huberty moved aggressively . The SWAT-trained officer ducked behind a parked pickup truck , "  and he started opening up on me , " Rosario said . He was badly outgunned and knew it . Worse , he believed he had more than one adversary . "  I would n't have minded taking him on one-on-one , " Rosario said in his transplanted South Bronx accent . "  But if he had buddies in there and they had shoulder arms , I would have been in a world of hurt . " Huberty fired about 30 armor-piercing rounds at the officer , who could hear them striking metal posts and skipping off the asphalt . From behind the truck , Rosario radioed in a Code 10 -- "  send SWAT " -- and seconds later a Code 11 -- "  send everybody . " San Diego 's SWAT team then consisted of patrol officers with extra training who carried their special equipment in their squad cars , Rosario said . Huberty retreated inside as other police units arrived . Rosario ran back to his car to retrieve his Ruger Mini-14 military-style rifle . Two patrol officers fired shotguns to cover Rosario while he took up position . But he could n't get a clear shot . Reporter Monica Zech had a bird 's - eye view of the scene . She was giving traffic reports from a small airplane for local TV and radio stations . "  I looked down and could see that there was people ducking for cover , and there was a fire truck there with everybody behind it , " she recalled . She saw two boys lying on the ground , tangled in their bicycles after being shot by Huberty , and people hiding behind the low walls of the restaurant 's playground . Circling at 3,000 feet , Zech alerted authorities to close nearby Interstate 5 and the Tijuana border crossing a few blocks away because drivers were heading straight into the line of fire . The bright sunshine and the eatery 's smoked windows made it hard for police to see inside , but eventually Chuck Foster , a police sniper on the post office roof next door , got a clear view of Huberty near the counter . Foster dropped him with a single shot through a glass door . The battle was over , but the lessons were just beginning . Police clearly needed more firepower and a new strategy , Rosario said . "  The time had come where you had to have a full-time , committed and dedicated , highly trained , well-equipped team ... that were committed to shooting , being in shape and being able to respond rapidly anywhere in the city , " he said . "  We did n't have what we have now , " Rosario said . "  We have a special response team -- hostage rescue -- very elite , well-trained . It 's an elite team within SWAT . We have access to helicopters now and all of that kind of stuff . We did n't have none of that back then . " After San Ysidro , the department created a dedicated unit that trains continuously and uses much more formidable weapons and tactics . "  We became pretty much special forces specialists , if you will , " he said . Police departments nationwide soon realized their own need for tactical specialists . The San Ysidro massacre seemed to introduce a "  cluster " of mass shootings in the '80s and early '90s , said James Alan Fox , a Northeastern University professor and author of six books on mass murder . These included post office rampages in Oklahoma , New Jersey and Michigan , and culminated with the Luby 's restaurant slaughter in Killeen , Texas , in 1991 , in which 23 people were killed . Michael T. Rayburn , an independent police firearms trainer in Saratoga Springs , New York , said the San Ysidro incident and others -- including gangland battles of the 1920s and more recent episodes like the infamous North Hollywood bank shootout in 1997 and the Columbine school massacre in 1999 -- force police to keep developing new weapons and tactics . "  As police officers , we do n't have wind tunnels or expensive laboratories . We 've learned , unfortunately , out on the street , and we pay for it in blood and sometimes our lives , " he said . After the McDonald 's massacre , other cities sought advice from San Diego on how to develop tactical teams . Now , such elite units are part of most larger departments across the country . Another change after San Ysidro is how departments handle officers who have been involved in traumatic incidents . For the first time , San Diego debriefed all involved officers and provided professional counseling for those who needed it . Now , it is common practice . "  We saw the benefit and the need for that , " Rosario said , though in 1984 he blew off steam in Las Vegas for two days in lieu of counseling . Many departments still fall short , but awareness of the need for psychological services is much greater now than in the '80s , said Lynn Winstead Mabe , a police counselor and consultant in Grapevine , Texas . "  I truly think they 're beginning to care about the psyche of their people , " she said .	Rampage at San Ysidro , California , McDonald 's killed 21 Police were outgunned by one man with high-powered weapon First cop on scene recalls being pinned down by barrage from Uzi Afterward , police department beefed up elite tactical unit , added counseling
CNN  -- Geneticists have begun studying the DNA of Connecticut gunman Adam Lanza , a spokeswoman for the University of Connecticut Health Center said Thursday . The geneticists were asked to join the investigation by the state medical examiner 's office , spokeswoman Carolyn Pennington told CNN . She said there is no specific genetic marker the team is looking for , and that lab results and a complete analysis of the DNA "  are not expected for several weeks ... probably the end of January . " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said it is unlikely investigators will be able to find a genetic clue for what motivated Lanza , who fatally shot 26 people , including 20 children , in the attack on Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut on December 14 . Lanza , who had also killed his mother before the school massacre , took his own life with a gunshot to the head . Newtown : No more gifts , please "  There 's no clear-cut sort of ... genes identified with the types of illnesses , mental illnesses , that may cause this sort of behavior , " says Gupta . Not only that , Gupta said , but "  there are people who carry these genes who do n't have the behavior still . I think it 's very hard to sort of put those two things together . " Experts in genetics agree . Although there are genetic components to many mental illnesses , there are hundreds , perhaps thousands , of genes involved . Most believe that no single gene or mutation could be the smoking gun that foretells violent acts like those committed by Lanza . "  There 's nothing you could look at that would give an answer , " said Steve Warren , chairman of the Department of Human Genetics at Emory University . "  We do n't know a gene that says ` this person has schizophrenia . ' There 's no way to come up with a conclusion that way . " Opinion : Predicting mass killings impossible CNN 's Caleb Hellerman contributed to this report .	Spokeswoman : University of Connecticut Health Center geneticists are studying the DNA Genetics experts say no single gene or mutation will emerge to explain Adam Lanza 's acts Lanza murdered 26 people , including 20 children , at Sandy Hook school on December 14
Washington  CNN  -- The Pan American Health Organization announced Tuesday it is increasing its planning to treat 400,000 cholera cases within the next year , up from a previous estimate of 270,000 over several years , as a result of the outbreak in Haiti . "  We need to plan for up to half of those cases occurring in the next three months because of the explosive nature of this epidemic , " the organization 's deputy director , Dr. Jon Kim Andrus , told reporters in Washington . "  We need more of everything , " he said . "  More training for staff in Haiti , more doctors , more nurses , more treatment centers , more medications , more toilets , more clean water . " Since last month , when the outbreak began , the organization known by its acronym of PAHO -- the regional office of the World Health Organization  WHO  -- has distributed enough supplies to treat about 80,000 cases , he said . As of Tuesday , the Haitian government was reporting 60,240 people had been sickened by cholera and 1,415 had died . Short-term efforts are focusing on the distribution of chlorine tablets and oral rehydration salts , which are key to preventing and treating the disease . "  In the long term , we must create the systems and infrastructure to ensure equitable access to these basic services , " Andrus said . So far , cholera cases have been confirmed in eight of the nation 's 10 departments and clusters of cases are being investigated in the other two departments , he said . "  We have not yet reached a peak and we do n't know when that peak will occur , " he said . PAHO has urged health ministries throughout the Americas to beef up their planning in the event the disease takes hold outside Haiti , he said . That was the case with Peru , where an outbreak in 1991 spread to more than16 countries from Argentina to Canada within two years . But the job of stemming the outbreak has been hampered by non-medical considerations . In Haiti 's North Department , some PAHO staff members and other international staff and medical workers remain confined to their living quarters after civil unrest there this week , Andrus said . Staffing for governmental and non-governmental organizations battling the outbreak remains a major challenge . "  We are encouraging partners to do everything possible to hire and train the Haitian people using cash-for-work programs , " he said . Haiti 's public health infrastructure was weak before the outbreak , with 58 percent of the population lacking access to potable water , Andrus said . More than three in four Haitians earn less than $ 2 a day . Some 1.6 million Haitians are living in "  precarious conditions , particularly those in the 1,300 displacement camps , " he said . Only about 10 percent of the $ 164 million sought by a coalition of about 48 humanitarian organizations working in Haiti , including NGOs , has been received , according to WHO .	Health officials are planning for half of the cases to occur within three months "  We need more of everything , "  says Pan American Health Organization 's Andrus "  We have not yet reached a peak , " he says
CNN  -- Jakadrien Turner has arrived back in Texas , eight months after she was mistakenly deported to Colombia , the pilot and a flight attendant on a Dallas-bound flight told CNN . The 15-year-old girl was the last person off the plane Friday evening , according to CNN 's Jason Morris , who was on the flight . Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport police officers escorted her off the aircraft . Turner wound up being deported to Bogota , Colombia , in May 2011 after U.S. authorities last year mistook the girl , an apparent teenage runaway who lacked identification , for a Colombian national . The Colombian Institute for Family Welfare confirmed Thursday that Turner was then in its custody , is pregnant and entered the country as an adult . The institute said that Colombian authorities learned a month ago that this female may in fact be a 15-year-old American citizen , after which she was placed in a protection program there . She left Colombia at 10:30 a.m. Friday , according to U.S. State Department spokesman William Ostick , who noted that the U.S. Embassy in Bogota worked closely with Colombian officials as well as authorities in Texas to bring Turner 's case to a resolution . The girl who called herself Tika Cortez "  It 's a giant step . I 'm relieved , but I wo n't be completely relieved until I get her in my arms again , " the girl 's mother said . "  A weight has definitely been lifted . " Johnisa Turner has not yet talked with her daughter , who ran away from home in the fall of 2010 , but said she is relieved to know she is located . So , too , is the girl 's grandmother Lorene Turner , who said U.S. Embassy officials called with the news that her granddaughter would be turned over to U.S. officials . "  When I heard those words , I did n't hear nothing else . I flipped out . I ca n't wait , " she said . After the girl went missing , the family tracked her to Houston , where she worked at a music club under a different name . They tried to get help from authorities there , to no avail . They later learned she was in Colombia , partying and smoking marijuana , and a detective told them she was pregnant . Jakadrien 's family is still demanding to know why immigration authorities deported the teen -- a U.S. citizen with no knowledge of Spanish -- and why they simply took her at her word when she gave them a fake name . The family 's attorney , Ray Jackson , told CNN on Friday the family believes the girl 's civil rights were violated when authorities allowed her to be deported . He said that lawsuits against the agencies who dealt with her case are in the works , he said . "  Somewhere the ball was dropped , " Jackson said . The U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency maintains she was arrested in Houston for theft and told them she was an adult from Colombia . The agency says authorities believed her story because she maintained her false identity throughout the process . They handed her over to an immigration judge , who ordered her removed from the country . "  At no time during these criminal proceedings was her identity determined to be false , " the agency says . It says criminal database searches and biometric verification revealed no information to invalidate her claims . Jackson says it does n't make sense , explaining that the immigration agency took her fingerprints but failed to match them to the name she gave . The agency says it is taking the allegations very seriously and is "  fully and immediately investigating the matter in order to expeditiously determine the facts of the case . " Pictures of the teen taken in Colombia showed her sitting on men 's laps smoking marijuana , her grandmother said . But she appeared to be reaching out for help , she said , listing on Facebook the names of everyone at parties , perhaps so she could be traced . Her family 's lawyer says he does n't believe that the girl was trying to fake her way out of the United States by adopting a false identity throughout the process . "  I do n't buy that she had the wherewithal to be able to bamboozle the government , " Jackson says . "  You know , kids are scared when they get around authorities . ... To think that you could bamboozle them to create a new identity , it just does n't make sense . " Colombia 's foreign ministry said Thursday it was investigating what sort of verification its consulate in Texas requested before giving the girl an expedited provisional passport as part of deportation proceedings , as well as how she got work authorization for training at a call center as part of the government 's "  Welcome Home " program . Attorneys with the program made a sworn declaration in front of a notary pointing to "  inexact information " that allowed her to receive work papers , the foreign ministry said . "  Those lawyers are no longer providing services to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , " the statement said . Ed Lavandera , Jorge Asdrubal Garcia Romero , Luis Carlos Velez , Jamie Crawford and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	Jakadrien Turner , 15 , returned to Texas on a flight Friday evening She was the last person off the plane and was met by police U.S. authorities mistook the girl , who lacked identification , for a Colombian national
CNN  -- Japan striker Shinji Kagawa will miss the rest of the Bundesliga season after having surgery in the foot injury he picked up in their Asian Cup semifinal victory over South Korea . In a blow for his club Borussia Dortmund and country , Kagawa has a broken metatarsal , having been substituted in the 87th minute in Tuesday 's match which Japan won on penalties . "  It has n't really sunk in yet , it 'll take me some time , " Kagawa told AFP . "  Now I need to try and get back to playing as quickly as I can . " "  I have already had an injury in the same place in 2009 and that was sorted out in a month , but I have n't felt as bad as now . " Dortmund are 11 points clear in the German title race with Kagawa playing a major role with seven goals in 18 appearances . Coach Juergen Klopp said they were unlikely to rush into the transfer market to find a replacement for Kagawa , with young German international Mario Gotze set to continue in his place . He wants Kawaga , who joined in the summer from Japanese club Cerezo Osaka , to make a full recovery rather than rush back to injury . "  We now have the time to find an absolutely perfect solution for Shinji , " he told the club 's official website . Japan take on Australia in the final of the Asian Cup in Qatar on Saturday . Australia beat Uzbekistan 6-0 in their semifinal .	Shinji Kagawa to miss rest of Bundesliga season with a foot injury Kagawa picked up injury in Japan 's Asian Cup semifinal win over South Korea His Borussia Dortmund team lead the German standings by 11 points
A body encased in concrete and buried in a Georgia backyard has been identified as that of a former Florida journalist who went missing in August . The positive identification of 30-year-old Sean Dugas was made using dental records and facial bone CT scans , the Georgia Bureau of Investigation said Friday . Dugas , a former crime reporter at the Pensacola News Journal , had been missing since August 27 . William and Christopher Cormier , twin 31-year-old brothers , are charged with murder in Dugas ' death , according to police in Winder , Georgia , where the body was found . The brothers had earlier been charged with concealing a death in the case . Winder police went to the home of the brothers ' father on Monday , acting on information from Pensacola police , Winder Police Chief Dennis Dorsey said . The father said his sons arrived from Florida three weeks ago , and the brothers told their father they had been caring for the missing man 's dog but ended up killing the dog , Winder police said . The dog was buried in the backyard of a home that the father is renting , Dorsey said . In the yard , police unearthed a body in a plastic storage container that had been encased with concrete , Dorsey said . Authorities believe the body was buried about three weeks ago , and the concrete may have been purchased at a Home Depot , Dorsey said . When the two brothers arrived at their father 's home during the police investigation , they were detained , Dorsey said . The father has n't been charged and is cooperating with investigators , Dorsey said . Managing Editor Ginny Graybiel of the Pensacola News Journal said Dugas worked at the newspaper from 2005 to 2010 . "  He started as a clerk and became a police reporter -- along the way he did a good bit of entertainment coverage , " Graybiel said . "  Sean was a very gentle , good-hearted soul . To be the victim of a crime like this is , of course , something we never could have imagined . " Dugas ' girlfriend noticed he was missing August 27 when she went to pick him up at home for lunch that day , Pensacola Police Capt. David Alexander said in a statement . When she returned to the home on September 7 , she found it empty except for a television , Alexander said . A man who also lived at the house was gone , police said . The girlfriend reported to police on September 13 that Dugas was missing , Alexander said .	Authorities use dental records to identify remains of Sean Dugas Dugas , a former crime reporter in Florida , went missing August 27 Twin brothers have been charged with murder in his death
CNN  -- Mexican authorities said Monday that they 've spotted a troubling immigration trend : large numbers of migrants abandoned at sea by traffickers . Every month , Mexico 's navy says it rescues about 150 stranded migrants , left adrift in overloaded boats off the country 's Pacific coast . As part of the scam , officials said in a statement , traffickers tell the migrants that there has been an equipment failure and promise to return but never do . The immigration and maritime authorities said the frequency of that approach -- about 10 or 12 times per month -- inspired them to issue a warning on Monday : "  Do not allow yourself to be fooled and put your life at risk by leaving it in the hands of people without scruples whose only goal is obtaining money without caring about the lives of other human beings . " Authorities have long warned of the dangers of illegal border crossings , often focusing on perilous desert treks by land . And in the past five years , maritime border crossings into the United States have become a "  new frontier , " said David Shirk , a professor of political science at San Diego State University and an expert on Mexico and border security . "  It 's a reflection of the fact that is has become significantly more difficult to cross the border by land , " he said . That means the Border Patrol and the U.S. Coast Guard will likely need more resources , he said , "  to address not only the illegal activity , but also the different kinds of risks that implies for people who are putting themselves in that situation . " "  We 're likely to see a dramatic increase now in drownings and other kinds of water fatalities and other kinds of danger associated with crossing in the water , " he said . The statement from Mexican authorities on Monday suggests that attempted border crossings by boat are drawing increasing concern . But it is n't a new phenomenon . In 2009 , U.S. officials said Mexicans smuggling drugs and migrants into the United States were increasingly turning to the Pacific Ocean for a short sail to the California coast . "  We 've seen a huge spike in smuggling by water , " Lauren Mack , a spokeswoman for the Immigration and Customs Enforcement office in San Diego , said in 2009 . Despite the dangers of border crossings , new figures released by the Pew Research Center on Monday indicate that more than a third of Mexicans surveyed say they would move to the United States if they could . In a national opinion survey of 1,000 Mexicans conducted last month , more than 60 % said they would not move to the United States even if they had the means and opportunity to do so , but a "  a sizable minority " of 35 % said they would move to the United States if they could . And 20 % said they would emigrate without authorization , according to Pew . Immigration is expected to be one of the topics on the table when U.S. President Barack Obama travels to Mexico this week . CNNMexico.com and CNN 's Arthur Brice , Rene Hernandez and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : Expert : Maritime crossings into the United States have become a "  new frontier " Every month , Mexico 's navy says it rescues about 150 stranded immigrants As part of a scam , officials say , traffickers leave migrants adrift at sea 35 % of Mexicans in recent survey say they would move to the United States
CNN  -- In 1993 , Romeo Dallaire was full of hope for the future of Rwanda . Romeo Dallaire , now a Canadian senator , says that in Rwanda , he "  shook hands with the devil . " The Canadian lieutenant general and son of a soldier was about to take up the biggest command of his career -- leading United Nations peacekeepers in the central African nation . A year later he left Rwanda a broken man , having watched helplessly as more than 800,000 people perished in Rwanda 's genocide despite his pleas for more troops to stop the massacre . "  We could have actually saved hundreds of thousands , " Dallaire told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour for "  Scream Bloody Murder . " "  Nobody was interested . " Dallaire 's mission was to monitor a peace deal between two warring ethnic groups , the Hutus and the Tutsis . But the agreement was just a façade . Hutu extremists within the government were stockpiling weapons , and Tutsi refugees had formed a rebel army . Watch Dallaire describe how he could have stopped the genocide " The Tutsis were a minority in Rwanda , and their plight was personal for Dallaire . His Dutch mother had watched friends die in the Holocaust , and he had been raised on stories of heroic Canadian soldiers who brought hope to war-torn Europe . A French Canadian raised in Montreal , Dallaire had experienced discrimination first-hand and was determined to protect the Tutsi minority . But he soon found his was a lone voice . On January 20 , 1994 , Dallaire made a chilling discovery : An informant warned him that Hutu government agents were planning bloodshed . "  They were going to conduct an outright slaughter and elimination of the opposition , " Dallaire said . Dallaire cabled his bosses in New York , warning that his informant "  has been ordered to register all Tutsi in Kigali . He suspects it is for their extermination . " The informant described a major weapons cache , which Dallaire said he planned to raid in the next 36 hours . Watch Dallaire describe the warnings from the informant " Kofi Annan , then head of the U.N. Department of Peacekeeping Operations , was concerned about the safety of Dallaire 's limited U.N. force . Annan 's office told Dallaire : "  We can not agree to the operation contemplated ... as it clearly goes beyond the mandate . " Dallaire tried to change Annan 's mind , repeatedly exchanging faxes with New York through the rest of January and into February . "  Ultimately I got authority . It took two months , and by then it was far too late , " Dallaire said . In an interview with CNN , Annan explained his reasoning : "  When you 're operating in that sort of context with limited troops and facilities , you have to be careful what sort of risks they take , where everybody may even have to leave , and place a people at greater risk . And in a way , this is what happened , " Annan said . "  Dallaire as a soldier , he 's a very good man , he 's a friend , and I respect his professional acumen . One had to take all these factors into consideration before you take a decision . Do the troops take this risk ? Do they have the mandate ? Do they have the resources ? "  Dallaire himself said , ` If I had had a brigade , which is 5,000 , I could have done a lot . ' He had a fraction that number . " Asked why a brigade was n't sent , Annan said : "  The brigade was not available . The -LSB- Security -RSB- Council did not augment the troops . In fact , they went the other way . "  We would have liked to see a larger force in . I had had situations where I called 82 member states together , trying to get troops . I got zilch . " On April 6 , 1994 , a plane carrying the presidents of Rwanda and neighboring Burundi was shot down . It was the moment the Hutu plotters had been waiting for -- the spark that ignited the genocide . Watch as Dallaire describes how the genocide began " Col. Theoneste Bagosora , a Hutu extremist , immediately declared the army was in charge . Within hours , government troops and civilian death squads began slaughtering Tutsis . "  We saw the extremists , the presidential guard and militias , going to specific houses ... and killing people or hauling people off , " Dallaire said . He described the horror of getting phone calls from people he knew while they were under attack . "  As they were busting down the door and opening fire , " he said , "  we would literally hear people dying at the end of the phone as they were trying to get through to us and we had literally nothing to send them . " Dallaire also heard the Hutu government-run radio tell listeners that Tutsis were "  nothing but cockroaches , " broadcasting names of people to be murdered and instructions on how to mutilate and kill them . Watch Dallaire describe the radio instructions on mutilation and murder " It was an echo of past genocides . In Cambodia , the Khmer Rouge called their victims "  worms . " To the Nazis , Jews were "  vermin . " Dallaire says he and his troops moved through entire villages of dead , sometimes clearing paths through corpses with their bare hands . "  With my own hands I carried them , " he said . "  We carried them in our arms , we carried kids in our arms , and adults . We were picking the bodies and moving them aside . ... There would be piles of bodies . " Dallaire 's troops were also targets : 10 were killed in the first days of the genocide . He was desperate for help , on the phone with New York several times a day , asking when reinforcements were coming . Five days into the killing , some U.S. officials began to fear the worst . A top Pentagon official wrote about the potential for "  hundreds of thousands of deaths . " A day later , a State Department memo warned of "  a bloodbath . " But instead of reinforcements , the United States joined a chorus of countries calling for withdrawal . Washington 's taste for foreign intervention had soured . Just months earlier in Somalia , two dozen Pakistani peacekeepers had been murdered . United States commandos on the hunt for the killers had their Black Hawk helicopter shot down . Eighteen U.S. soldiers were killed . Americans were anxious to extricate themselves from Africa -- just as they had been in Southeast Asia decades before . "  The U.S. troops had been killed and dragged through the streets and humiliated , " Annan said . "  The governments were not prepared to take another risk and go into Rwanda . " After two weeks of debate , Washington compromised and agreed to a token U.N. presence . The result : The U.N. Security Council voted to reduce Dallaire 's already small force by 90 percent . "  In essence , they voted to allow the killers to continue , " said Michael Barnett , a professor who was on a fellowship at the U.N. at the time and studied its response to the genocide . "  The moment that the U.N. votes to withdraw , that 's when we see a real spike in the violence , " Barnett said . "  Because at that point it 's clear to the Rwandans ... that there will not be any cavalry over the horizon . " In the fourth week of the killing , then U.N. Secretary General Boutros-Boutros Gali concluded that the mission was hopeless . He ordered a pullout of all U.N. troops . Dallaire refused . "  I refused a legal order , " Dallaire said . "  But it was immoral . " Dallaire and his few hundred peacekeepers could do little except help humanitarian efforts and protect a small number of people , while he repeatedly and futilely attempted to negotiate a cease-fire . As the United States and the United Nations stood by , the rebel Tutsi army fought back against the Hutu government . In mid-July , 100 days of hell came to an end when Tutsi forces declared victory . Weeks later , Dallaire asked to be relieved of his command . The horrors of the genocide had taken its toll . He was guilt-ridden , believing he should have done more to prevent the genocide . In his book , "  Shake Hands With The Devil : The Failure of Humanity in Rwanda , " Dallaire wrote : "  Death became a desired option . I hoped I would hit a mine or run into an ambush and just end it all . I think some part of me wanted to join the legions of the dead , whom I had failed . " Those thoughts of suicide followed him home to Canada . Watch Dallaire describe how he dealt with thoughts of suicide " In the preface of his book , Dallaire summed up his Rwanda experience , writing , "  I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil . I have seen him , I have smelled him and I have touched him . I know the devil exists , and therefore I know there is a God . " Today Dallaire is a senator in the Canadian parliament and dedicates much of his time to an initiative to eradicate the use of child soldiers .	In 1994 , Romeo Dallaire was leading a U.N. peacekeeping force in Rwanda The Canadian lieutenant general warned his bosses that a slaughter was imminent Instead of sending reinforcements , the U.N. eventually ordered Dallaire to withdraw He refused what he calls an "  immoral " order and ultimately left Africa a broken man
CNN  -- Taiwan 's government has threatened legal action after one of its taekwondo athletes was disqualified at the Asian Games in China . Olympic bronze medallist Yang Shu-chun was leading during a match in the women 's 49 kilogram division on Tuesday when it was halted due to claims she had used extra electronic sensors in her socks . Taiwan 's minister of sports affairs , Tai Hsia-ling , told reporters in Guangzhou that the island would take the case to the International Court of Justice unless it received "  a reasonable answer " from the Asian Taekwondo Union , the Tapei-based Central News Agency reported . CNA said that Taiwan 's Premier Wu Den-yih asked Tai 's office to question the fairness of the ruling . Yang , who led Vietnamese opponent Vu Thi Hau 9-0 when the match was halted , was left in tears after the decision and a subsequent appeal to World Taekwondo Federation was rejected , the Taipei Times reported . "  This was an extremely unfair decision . I do n't know what was wrong . All of my electronic protective equipment followed official specifications , " she said on Wednesday . "  I brought two pairs of WTF-certified socks with me . The Chinese examiner asked me to scrap the first pair , but the second pair passed the examination . "  Before the start of -LSB- yesterday 's -RSB- bout , the chief judge carefully examined all the equipment on my body and did not raise any questions . " Coach Liu Yung-lung said : "  Even though the model was different , the judge did not find fault with it before the bout . If the judge had brought up the problem at the start , Yang Shu-chun could have changed her socks . "  This was negligence on the part of the organizers . Individual athletes should not have to pay for the authorities ' problems . " Meanwhile , China leads the medal table after day five with 97 golds and 172 overall . South Korea was second with 29 golds ahead of Japan  17  , North Korea and Iran  both five  and Taiwan  four  . China won the team tennis title for the first time in 24 years , beating defending champions South Korea 2-1 thanks to victories by Wimbledon semifinalist Li Na and Peng Shuai . South Korean swimmer Park Tae-Hwan claimed his third freestyle gold of the week , adding the 100m title to his earlier victories in the 200m and 400m distances . The 21-year-old Olympic 400m champion , who won a record seven medals in Doha four years ago , collected his fifth medal of the week . China , however , have taken 22 out of a possible 32 golds going into the final day in the pool , with Tang Li claiming her fourth title with victory in the women 's 100m freestyle .	Martial artist Yang Shu-chun disqualified at Asian Games for having illegal socks Taekwondo match was halted as judges said she had extra electronic sensors Taiwan officials fail with immediate appeal to World Taekwondo Union Sports minister will take matter to international court unless explanation is given
CNN  -- Music video and film director Sanaa Hamri moved to New York with dreams of making it big as an actress . But like so many others , she found herself struggling through endless auditions and unemployment . Born worlds away in the town of Tangier , Morocco , Hamri was n't afraid to fight back . She 'd grown up in a traditionally male-dominated society and her rebellion against gender stereotypes had helped put her on this creative career path . Refusing to give up , she changed tact finding work with a post production company . She was soon noticed by cinematographer Malik Sayeed who , in turn , introduced her to Mariah Carey . And with the famous singer 's guidance , Hamri embarked on a new , highly successful , career trajectory , leaving her mark on the entertainment industry . Hamri went on to direct numerous high-profile music videos as well as three feature films and several episodes of popular TV shows like "  Desperate Housewives " and "  Glee . " Here she reveals to CNN what 's like to collaborate with entertainment royalty like Lenny Kravitz or Nicki Minaj while achieving success among the stars in Tinseltown . Embrace your heritage . "  I 'm a product of a multicultural union of my father who is and was Moroccan and my mother who is American , " says Hamri . "  So I was able to grow in a household that had both . I very much identify as a Moroccan woman because I was born and raised there . My father 's Moroccan and I went to school there so that is home to me . " Education is vital . Hamri 's mother , Blanca taught at the American School of Tangier and she credits the establishment with providing opportunities that others in her neighborhood did n't have . "  The memory of it for me is education was something that was a gift that you have to take advantage of , " she explains . Rebellion can ignite a journey you 'd never contemplated before . "  I would look around and I would see all of these men in the cafes and on the streets and I would think to myself , ' I can be just like that and do whatever I want to do as you do . ' Just because I 'm of a different gender , that does n't mean I ca n't drive , I ca n't rule , I ca n't think , I ca n't create . " Networking is key  especially when it 's with Mariah Carey  . While working for a production company , the ambitious Moroccan soon found herself in the midst of some of the biggest names in music but it was an introduction to "  songbird supreme " Mariah Carey who would lead her to her calling . "  One day she turned to me and said , ` You know , you really should direct ' ... And then I got the opportunity to direct her in this video called "  Thank God I Found You  Remix  " ... -LSB- Directing -RSB- was extremely natural to me and I realized that Mariah was right -- this is where I belong . " Take every opportunity to learn something new and always ask questions . In addition to the mentoring Carey provided to her , the songstress would also provide industry insight and help explain the ins and outs of working among the best in the business . "  She would say  ` this is what it means in America when we say this , ' because she was used to foreigners . she understood that . And whether it was working with her , Jay-Z , or Destiny 's Child , or Sting , any of those people , I would learn from them . " Never forget why you want to work in the industry . "  I realized I was able to use the medium of music videos as a way to communicate to young adults in an inspirational way . The minute I realized that , I quickly shifted my career , so I would turn down a lot of artists and projects due to lyrical content , due to meaning , " she says . "  I did n't come all the way from Morocco and go through what I went through to get to the United States and say nothing . " Find other avenues to express your creativity . Soon the up-and-coming director found herself constrained by the time limitations of producing music videos . But reading the script for the movie "  Something New " provided the outlet Hamri was looking for . She explains : "  I loved the idea of a woman who is an African - American woman who is having issues dating white males because she racially had an issue with that ... and the minute I started working on ` Something New ' and I was doing my movie I realized , I was like ' I am a film director . ' " Always keep your aspirations in mind , no matter how lofty they may seem . Hamri 's strong work ethic has seen her direct several Hollywood films and jaunts onto the sets of well-known TV shows like "  Desperate Housewives , " "  Elementary " and "  Grey 's Anatomy . " Yet despite her silver screen success , she remains very much connected to her birthplace . "  I definitely want to create in Morocco as a base a very large studio that would be in competition with the big studios in Hollywood , " she says . "  We would be able to go on location and stuff , but just really creating like the biggest entertainment hub in Africa . " READ THIS : The meteoric rise of Lupita Nyong ' o READ THIS : 10 things to know about ` Omosexy '	Sanaa Hamri is a Moroccan music video and film director She got her start in the film industry as a post production assistant working up to editor Hamri met Mariah Carey on set who advised her to think about becoming a director Now she hopes to inspire youth through her success and open a Moroccan film studio
CNN  -- On the same day a young rising star is given his big break in Formula One , one old-timer is given a chance to kick-start his motorsport career . McLaren announced Thursday that rookie Kevin Magnussen will race for the British team in the 2014 , while Lotus confirmed veteran Heikki Kovalainen will be part of its driver lineup for the remaining two races of this season . Magnussen -- whose father Jan raced for McLaren at the 1995 Pacific Grand Prix in Japan -- replaces Mexican Sergio Perez , who revealed Wednesday he will be departing less than one year after joining from Sauber . "  I 'm absolutely overjoyed to be making my Formula One debut with McLaren , " the 21-year-old Danish driver said in a statement . "  I 'll put it simply : this team is the best , " added the 2013 Formula Renault 3.5 Series champion . "  It 's been my dream to drive for McLaren ever since I was a small kid , and it 's no exaggeration to say that I 've dedicated almost every day of my life to achieving the goal of becoming a McLaren F1 driver . " Magnussen , who came through McLaren 's young driver program , will partner 2009 world champion Jenson Button , who has experienced a frustrating season in which he has collected just 60 points from 17 races . Perez , known as "  Checo , " has fared even worse with 35 points , though his fifth in India last month matched Button 's best finish so far . McLaren , one of the most successful teams in F1 history , is having one of its worst seasons since the 1980s -- being fifth overall , more than 400 points behind champion Red Bull . Team principal Martin Whitmarsh is excited to have a driver of Magnussen 's potential onboard for next year . "  The manner in which he won this year 's World Series by Renault 3.5 Championship was truly outstanding , showcasing as it did not only his impressive natural pace but also his increasing maturity and ability to structure and manage a championship campaign , " Whitmarsh said . "  I want to take this opportunity to thank Checo , who has developed well during a difficult season , as his recent run of points-scoring finishes underlines . "  He 's a lovely guy and a fine driver -- fast and combative -- and I 'm sure he 'll build on that firm foundation in 2014 . " Kovalainen arrives at Lotus as a replacement for fellow Finn Kimi Raikkonen , who will miss the rest of the season to undergo back surgery . Raikkonen , the 2007 world champion , is returning to his former team Ferrari in 2014 as a replacement for the outgoing Brazilian driver Felipe Massa . Kovalainen , who will partner Romain Grosjean at races in the U.S. and Brazil , made his F1 debut in 2007 and spent two seasons with McLaren in 2008 and 2009 . He has been working as a test driver for Caterham , having raced for the team during the 2012 season -- and in its previous incarnation as Team Lotus from 2010-11 . The former Renault team took over the Lotus name after that . "  It is a fantastic opportunity for me to join Lotus F1 team for the final two races of 2013 , " the 32-year-old said ahead of this weekend 's United States Grand Prix in Austin , Texas . "  Jumping into a car so late in the year when you have not been competing in the races all season will be a challenge , but I know the team at Enstone well so I have no concerns about getting up to speed . " Kovalainen will have the chance to make a late play for a 2014 drive at Lotus , which has been linked to Sauber 's Nico Hulkenberg and Pastor Maldonado , replaced at Williams by Massa .	McLaren announce Kevin Magnussen will drive for the team in 2014 The Dane will partner 2009 Formula One world champion Jenson Button Heikki Kovalainen will replace Kimi Raikkonen at Lotus for final two races of 2013 Raikkonen is to undergo back surgery ahead of his move to Ferrari
CNN  -- He 's the new Billy Mays . But Anthony Sullivan does n't shout , and he did n't exactly jump at the chance to take up the mantle of the famous TV pitchman . Nine months after the ubiquitous king of direct-response TV commercials was found dead in his Florida home at age 50 , Mighty Brands has announced that Sullivan will take Mays ' place as product spokesman . When Mighty Brands initially approached him with the idea , Sullivan , 41 , was hesitant at first . "  They came to me and said , ` You guys were great friends ' -- so it was tough . " After Mays ' family signed on to the idea , "  it came down to a question of , if I did n't do it , who else was going to do it ? " For those who have n't watched any TV in the past decade , the phrase "  Hi , Billy Mays here for Oxi Clean ! " made him a household name . Mays was the "  bearded , lovable rogue , " said Sullivan . Mays built a trademark with his shouting style and blue shirt and khaki pants . Sullivan was the mastermind behind those ads , acting as director and producer after competing against Mays for years in the cutthroat world of TV pitchmen . To his credit , Sullivan -- like Mays -- has sold hundreds of millions of dollars worth of products -- many of them you 've likely seen on TV . But before Sullivan moved countless Stick Up Bulbs , Smart Choppers , One Sweeps and Swivel Sweepers -- his first TV sales pitch almost happened by mistake . In 1993 , Sullivan stopped by the cable shopping channel HSN to sell a product called the SmartMop . At first , while chatting informally with a show host about the mops , Sullivan was unaware that the robotic cameras were trained on him . "  Are we on ? " he asked , already realizing the answer to his question . "  I just sort of froze for half a second , and I thought sh -- , I just got ta pitch . " Nine minutes later , the phone lines exploded . After 22 minutes , Sullivan had sold 5,000 SmartMops . Not bad for his first time at bat . Eventually , Mays also joined HSN and the two men "  lit up that network " for the next six years , said Sullivan . Different styles The two pitchmen wield very different styles . As Sullivan describes it , Mays ' secret weapon was himself and his bearded pitchman character to grab viewers ' attention . Sullivan , on the other hand , mesmerizes viewers with his southwestern English accent . He describes his style as honing in on viewers and focusing on the benefits of the product . Before earning U.S. citizenship , a younger Sullivan cut his teeth in the English street markets of London , drawn to the fast-talking Artful Dodgers who were as much entertainers as they were hucksters and pitchers . "  I was always amazed . " The London pitchmen -- following a centuries-old tradition in places like Petticoat Lane , Portobello Road and Blackbushe Market -- knew they 'd won over a crowd when they 'd see a husband nudge a wife acknowledging they 'd been entertained . "  They 'd say , ` You know , we watched this guy pitch his heart out and even though we really do n't need what he 's selling , he made us laugh . ' They 'd give you a 10-pound tip and take whatever it was we were selling . And I really enjoyed that part of the business . " Sullivan says street pitching has become a virtual lost art now because of eBay and the Internet . "  It was just poetic , these pitches , " recalled Sullivan , quoting some of the riffs that still echo across the years . ` Ladies and gentlemen , here 's where we sort the needy from the greedy , the spiers from the buyers , the ones that trust me from the ones that do n't . ' It was just this poetry -- if you will . That 's where poetry meets sales . " In the world of TV pitches , poetry meets sales with phrases like , "  For zest , it 's the best ! " and "  That 's cash in the trash ! " As Sullivan says , the best pitchers demonstrate their products -- and the bigger the demonstration , the better . He 's been set on fire and shared a kitchen with a grizzly bear . "  Some pretty crazy stuff . " This month Sullivan spent a day being dunked in the Florida intercoastal waterway . Sullivan went parasailing in a suit wrapped in a product called Mighty Thirsty , plunging into the water to demonstrate its absorbency . "  It was a strange moment , but only Billy could have got me there . " Because of his street market background -- or perhaps in spite of it -- Sullivan admits that some think his sales approach is more sophisticated than Mays ' boisterous , bellowing banter . "  I think we 're both relentless . " Mays died shortly after he and Sullivan wrapped the first season of Discovery Channel 's reality based TV series PitchMen . According to a Hillsborough County , Florida , autopsy report issued in August , Mays died from a heart attack -- with cocaine listed as a contributing factor . Choosing to move forward after Mays ' death , Sullivan and Discovery are producing a second season of PitchMen without casting a replacement for Mays . The refreshed program will focus more on inventors who pitch their products to be accepted for a Sullivan TV ad campaign . "  I think Billy would have slapped me on the side of the head if I did n't continue with it , " said Sullivan . ` Life 's a pitch and then you buy it ' Mays lives on in thousands of YouTube videos , where he 's often heard saying , "  Life 's a pitch and then you buy it . " Everyone is always selling or buying something , whether they realize it or not , said Sullivan . "  When your child 's applying for college -- it 's no different from pitching . You 're pitching yourself , your services , your family . You 're selling your house , you 're buying a house . Everyone is involved in the buying or selling process . Even if you 're buying -- you 're being sold . " How does Sullivan make the sale ? "  I think you have to be passionate . You have to be sincere . You have to really believe in what you sell . You have to do it with a smile . I often think that if you can make someone laugh while you 're selling -- and disarm them with a little bit of humor -- it goes such a long way . " But that 's not all , as the pitchmen often say . There 's more to this story . Lately , Mays ' 23-year-old son , Billy Mays III , has been working at Sullivan 's production company . Right now , the 23-year-old musician is n't interested in following his father 's path as a pitchman . "  He has his father 's soul , but he 's his own man in his own way , " said Sullivan . Even as Sullivan hawks Mays ' former brands , the Mays family will continue to get a cut of the proceeds from sales . "  Every time I say , ` Hi , Anthony Sullivan here , ' I always think it should be ` Hi , Billy Mays here , ' the pitchman confides . "  But the bottom line is , he 's not here . So I 'm honored to be carrying on his legacy a little bit . "	TV pitchman Anthony Sullivan replaces the late Billy Mays as product spokesman Sullivan learned to pitch in London 's English street markets where "  poetry meets sales " No matter who you are , everyone is always selling something , he says His tips for pitching : be passionate , sincere , smile and use humor
CNN  -- When you click on nude pictures of celebrities or ISIS videos of beheadings , you 're part of the problem . At the very least , you 're complicit in the moral crime committed by those who post such pictures or videos . At worst , you 're actively perpetuating the incentives behind posting such things in the first place . Want to be a responsible and considerate human being ? Then for crying out loud , do n't click on those things ! This week hackers released what they say are nude pictures of celebrity women , including Kim Kardashian , Vanessa Hudgens , Rihanna and Mary-Kate Olsen . These photos came on the heels of other leaked nude photos , also of celebrity women , which must have gotten enough attention to make the hackers want to do it again . Opinion : Who 's at fault over nude photo hack ? A week before , ISIS posted another video claiming to show the beheading of a British aid worker . The video -- mind you , not just its existence but people actually seeing it -- fueled the same sort of revenge mindset in Britain that previous such videos fueled in the United States . President Obama himself has noted that the videos in which ISIS beheads American journalists James Foley and Steven Sotloff "  resulted in the American public 's quickly backing military action . " Yesterday , another such video was posted of ISIS supporters in Algeria beheading a French tourist . Media outlets have struggled with whether to broadcast photos and videos that are on the one hand newsworthy -- and incidentally , salacious and thus , traffic-generating -- but on the other hand may perpetuate the harm or offense committed in the first place . For instance , CNN did n't air the Foley video , opting instead to show only a few images and audio . Some news organizations , however , were less restrained . Speaking with Brian Stelter on "  Reliable Sources " about the latest ISIS video showing British journalist James Cantlie speaking in captivity , CNN International managing director Tony Maddox said , "  We know that ISIS wanted us to show it . And if we 're in a situation where ISIS wants us to show anything , we should think really carefully about any way we can avoid doing that . " Let that sink in for a moment : ISIS wants you to watch those videos . The hackers who stole the celebrity pictures want you to look at them . When you click , you 're doing precisely what the bad guys want you to do . Opinion : Will ISIS brutality backfire ? This summer , I gave a TED Talk about the changing landscape of American media and how we the consumers are becoming the new editors . Because online traffic performance drives media in the digital age , our clicks matter more than ever before . I used to think writing essays like this or going on television is a public act of making media , but that browsing the Web at home , clicking on this and that , is a private act of consuming media . Wrong . Clicking is a public act of making media because it feeds what gets attention . Your clicks matter . I imagine that most Americans would n't buy things they knew had been stolen out of someone else 's home . Is n't clicking on stolen photos the same thing ? Or worse ? The Guardian 's Van Badham writes that clicking on or sharing stolen celebrity nude photos is "  an act of sexual violation " that in effect perpetuates the abuse of the theft in the first place . The Daily Beast 's Marlow Stern writes that some actively spreading the pictures online feel so entitled to violate these celebrity women 's privacy that they imply the celebrities might have leaked the pictures themselves -- as though all the slut-shaming and misogyny would be an enjoyable PR boost . Opinion : Keep nude photos offline ? Here 's another idea Let 's be clear , even if you are n't the scuz-bucket making rape jokes in chat rooms , just by curiously clicking on these nude celebrity pictures you 're giving the hackers attention and the publishers traffic . You 're basically encouraging them to keep doing it . By the same token , I know most Americans would never want to support or encourage the murderous ISIS extremists . But does public obsession with and outrage around ISIS beheading videos do just that ? Analyzing the political and psychological motives for beheadings , the Boston Globe 's Jeff Jacoby writes , "  Clearly the terrorists relish the horror beheading evokes in America and other Western democracies . " Beheading Americans naturally provokes that very human reaction . Still , if we had only heard about Foley and Sotloff being beheaded , would it have generated the same attention and outrage ? Or was it the videos , or even just the still images from the videos , that incited and inflamed our anger ? According to a recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll , in 2013 , 78 % of Americans had heard about the Supreme Court 's Obamacare decision , 77 % of Americans were aware of the debt ceiling fight in Congress , and 79 % of Americans had heard about the alleged use of chemical weapons by Bashar al-Assad 's regime in Syria . But fully 94 % of Americans were aware that ISIS killed James Foley . How much is the tail of these deeply vile and upsetting videos wagging the dog of our emotions and prompting us to military action ? In my TED Talk , I said that clicking on a train wreck "  just pours gasoline on it and makes it worse . " The result ? "  Our whole culture gets burned . " If in our new media-driven universe , what gets the most clicks wins , "  we have to shape the world we want with our clicks . " The good news there is that you -- yes you -- have the power as just one individual to decide what we see more of or what we see less of in the media ; to discourage disgusting videos and pictures and encourage positive , productive media coverage . That is an incredible and important power . Use it wisely . Click responsibly .	Sally Kohn : Do n't click on nude photos of celebrities or ISIS videos of beheadings Kohn : When you click on those thing , you 're encouraging the hackers and terrorists She says the new stories we click on affect media coverage , which want online traffic Kohn : Consumers have an important power - use it wisely , click responsibly
CNN  -- A 20-year-old man died Sunday after being shot with a Taser device during a scuffle with a sheriff 's deputy in Maryland , a spokeswoman for the Frederick County Sheriff 's Office said . Amnesty International blames dozens of deaths on police use of stun guns . Cpl. Jennifer Bailey said deputies responding to a report of a fight in progress arrived at the location in Frederick , Maryland , just before 5 a.m. ET and found four people fighting . A deputy used a Taser device on one of the men , who fell unconscious , Bailey said . The man was taken to Frederick Memorial Hospital , where he was pronounced dead . His identity was not immediately released , pending the notification of his family . The deputy , who has not been identified publicly , has been placed on administrative leave with pay pending the completion of an investigation , Bailey said . Amnesty International has reported that , since June 2001 , more than 150 people have died in the United States after being subdued with a stun gun . The organization has called for police departments to suspend use of the devices pending study of their possible risks . Few have done so , said Amnesty , which added that more than 7,000 of the nation 's 18,000 law enforcement agencies use the devices . Last month , a police officer in Vancouver International Airport in Canada used a Taser device on a distraught 40-year-old man on his first airplane trip outside Poland . He died . In a statement released Friday , Taser International cited the Vancouver case and said it "  appears to follow the pattern of many in-custody deaths or deaths following a confrontation with police . Historically , medical science and forensic analysis has shown that these deaths are attributable to other factors and not the low-energy electrical discharge of the Taser . " A bystander 's video of the Vancouver incident that showed the victim continuing to struggle after being shot with the device "  is proof that the Taser device was not the cause of his death , " the company said on its Web site . Cardiac arrest caused by electrical current would have caused immediate death , it said . In addition , "  the video clearly shows symptoms of excited delirium , a potentially fatal condition marked by symptoms of exhaustion and mania such as heavy breathing , profuse sweating , confusion , disorientation and violence toward inanimate objects , " the company said . "  We are taken aback by the number of media outlets that have irresponsibly published conclusive headlines blaming the Taser device and/or the law enforcement officers involved as the cause of death before completion of the investigation , " said Tom Smith , the company 's founder and chairman of the board . But Amnesty International , noting that coroners have identified Tasers as a contributory factor in more than 30 deaths , said such a link can not be ruled out . The devices use compressed nitrogen to shoot two probes -- connected to the device by wire -- up to 35 feet away at speeds exceeding 100 mph . An electrical signal transmitted through the wires contacts the body or clothing , "  resulting in an immediate loss of the person 's neuromuscular control and the ability to perform coordinated action for the duration of the impulse , " according to the company . E-mail to a friend	Man dies after police use Taser device on him while breaking up fight in Maryland Another man died in Canada last week after being shot with Taser gun Amnesty International blames 150 deaths since 2001 on police stun guns Taser International says many deaths involving stun guns have other causes
It is like many of the images of aftermath in Syria 's chaotic war -- a man being pulled from the rubble of the building . But this one is different . The panic is muted , the men dig not slowly , but leisurely . This is because they know he is a regime fighter . "  Where are your friends ? " they ask , perhaps taunting him . "  Are you from Yemen ? " But no , this is something different . As they pull his terrified , tired frame from the dust , the blood seeping from a head wound and pitted against the white coat of silt from the rubble , it becomes clear this regime fighter is Afghan . Video obtained by CNN from Syrian rebels , which we can not verify , shows this scene and the attempts by the rebels , who are engaged in a pitched battle to prevent the regime encircling the main Syrian city of Aleppo , to interrogate their new prisoner . That 's the first indication there 's something new here : he does n't speak Arabic , but mutters in Dari . Facially , he appears Uzbek or Hazara , and is terrified . Their video shows him bandaged up , and on an IV drip . He is locked in a basement and fed , then questioned further . A comparatively generous fate for a regime prisoner in this savage war . It is unclear what happened to him , but he told his interrogators : "  My name is Sayed Ahmad Hussaini . The Iranians pay people like me to come here and fight . I am from Afghanistan and I am an immigrant in Iran . The Iranians brought us to Syria to fight to defend the Zainab shrine . I do n't want to fight anymore . " He says he wants to go home , and that he was paid about $ 500 a month to fight . There are many Afghan immigrants in Iran , trying to find some shelter from the decades of war that have torn apart their land . He says he was trained and then sent to assist the regime . It is potentially a serious development in the Syrian war , and explains in some ways how the Syrian regime has gained ground in some areas after months of appearing exhausted . In the fight for Aleppo , they are fiercely contesting a hill settlement called Handarat , which is itself tiny , but vitally overlooks the main supply road into rebel held areas of Aleppo . If the regime hold Handarat , they can cut off rebel Aleppo from resupply , effectively besieging it . Seasoned Afghan fighters could assist the regime - so far letting the Coalition and moderate Syrian rebels take on ISIS -- in other battles too . CNN sent a photojournalist to eastern Afghanistan to follow up reports of recruitment by Iranian agents of mercenaries to fight for the regime . Inside Afghanistan In one village , four men who did not want their identity or location revealed , said they had just returned from training in Iran . There , they were taken to a police station , blindfolded , and taken to a training camp where they were shown tactics and light to medium weapons . The men spoke in great detail about their experiences and were able to show the Iranian bank cards through which they will be paid their $ 500 to $ 1000 salaries a month . Other villagers ratified their stories . Their motivations were complicated . Most said they sought money - a likely motivation as the NATO drawdown in Afghanistan is changing the Taliban 's dynamics and reducing the amount of money sloshing around in the country . They also wanted to fight America -- saying that fighting the moderate Syrian rebels the regime is targeting most heavily and who receive U.S. assistance - was one way of continuing this fight from Afghanistan . "  We want to go there for two reasons one is to fight against those who are being assisted by Americans in Syria and secondly Iran pays us to fight in Syria , " said one man . "  Those who fight against Assad regime are America 's slaves . That is why we want to fight them and kill them . " They said they were former Taliban who had left for Iran after disagreements in the militant group , known for its fractious and sprawling membership . "  Before this we used to be part of the Taliban in Afghanistan , but after our disagreements caused tensions among us , we left the Taliban and went to Iran . We are going there to fight . Either we will be killed or will be back with the monthly salary that the Iranian have promised to give us . " ISIS Yet their limited knowledge of the Syrian conflict exposed a complex issue over which their loyalties to their paymasters , Iran , may be tested . Asked about ISIS , a predominantly Sunni group like the Taliban , the men said they knew little about them , but "  if we see them in Syria , we will definitely sit with them , talk to them and if our thoughts were similar , we would become friends with them . " That would be one unexpected outcome for the Iranian agents accused of assisting these men . Syria 's war has local regime militia , joined by Hezbollah from Lebanon , Iraqi Shia militia , on one side . ISIS and its array of global radicals on another . And Syrian rebels , spanning the width of al Qaeda , to moderates with foreign backing . Syria 's chaotic , intractable , and hopelessly unnegotiable war , just got another complex and battle-hardened actor .	Unverified video from Syrian rebels shows them pulling an Assad regime fighter from rubble The man appears terrified and is unable to speak Arabic , it becomes clear that he is Afghan The man tells interrogators that he is an immigrant to Iran , which has paid him to fight in Syria CNN went to Afghanistan and met other men recruited by Iran who had returned from Syria
CNN  -- The man who allegedly lit an explosive on board a U.S.-bound international flight deserves none of the constitutional protections afforded American citizens , a former top Bush administration official said Monday . Tom Ridge , who served as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security from 2003 to 2005 , made the comments on CNN 's "  Larry King Live . " "  I take a look at this individual who has been charged criminally , does that mean he gets his Miranda warnings ? The only information we get is if he volunteers it ? " Ridge said . "  He 's not a citizen of this country . He 's a terrorist , and I do n't think he deserves the full range of protections of our criminal justice system embodied in the Constitution of the United States . " Ridge also said he was "  not surprised " about reports that two former detainees in the detention center at the U.S. Naval Base in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , had joined up with the group that claimed responsibility for Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab 's failed terrorist attack . "  It 's a symptom of a larger challenge that this country has , and that 's how do you adjudicate these individuals that we pick up from these places and make a determination if they should be incarcerated for a long time , if not permanently , " he said . Muhamad Attik al-Harbi , also known as Muhamad al-Awfi , and Said Ali Shari were released to Saudi Arabia in 2007 by the Bush administration . The two went through a "  rehabilitation " program in Saudi Arabia but returned to the militants . U.S. officials , however , cautioned that the two could not be connected with Friday 's attack . Ridge told King that the country is "  clearly ... safer , but it 's equally clear , given the several incidents that have occurred in the last couple of months in this country , that we still have very serious gaps in information-sharing . " "  What are we going to do to make sure more information , particularly with that kind of information that sends warning signals out , gets to the people that can act on it ? " he said . "  Whether you 're in the battlefield in Iraq or Afghanistan or a screener at the airport , you need actionable information . I 'm not sure all this information was in the hands of TSA at the time . " Ridge also questioned why the State Department did not revoke AbdulMutallab 's visa upon learning that his father had reported his son might have terrorist connections . "  Why the State Department did n't revoke his visa immediately is beyond belief , in my judgment , " he said . "  But at the heart of this , it 's a clash of cultures and institutional challenge . -LSB- The Department of Homeland Security -RSB- can only act on information it has , and they did n't have all the information at its disposal . " The former secretary was less critical of current Secretary Janet Napolitano than many other Republicans for comments she made praising the way some protocols had worked . "  I do n't think any right-thinking person actually believed that Secretary Napolitano thought the system worked , " he said . "  Obviously , it was flawed . I think what she was referring to was that after the incident occurred , there are certain procedures and protocols to put in place . That worked smoothly . "	Tom Ridge , secretary of homeland security 2003-05 , appears on "  Larry King Live " He comments on Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , suspect in failed airline attack Ridge : "  I do n't think he deserves the full range of protections of our criminal justice system " He passes on criticism of Janet Napolitano , current chief of Homeland Security
London , England  CNN  -- A new budget airline backed by easyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou will soon take to the African skies , promising to bring low-cost flights to millions of people in the continent . Dubbed Fastjet , the no-frills carrier is expected to launch in three to four months , aiming to cash in on Africa 's robust economic growth and a growing appetite for travel by its burgeoning middle class . The move comes after Haji-Ioannou 's easyGroup teamed up earlier this month with pan-African conglomerate Lonrho to create the low-cost carrier . Lonhro , owner of budget airline Fly540 , has agreed to sell its aviation business to investment firm Rubicon Diversified Investments , in which easyGroup will hold a 5 % stake . The new business will start operations using Lonrho existing network in Ghana , Kenya , Tanzania and Angola , before expanding to more markets in the future . "  These four countries are currently experiencing great GDP growth , along with oil and gas discoveries and developments , " says Ed Winter , chief executive of Fastjet . "  We believe that the time is absolutely right to change Fly540 into a much bigger airline based on the low-cost model which has been successful in every other part of the world , " adds Winter , who is easyJet 's former chief operating officer . The business , which will still be majority-owned by Lonrho , has set a target of carrying around 12 million passengers per year , "  which creates an airline of roughly 40 aircraft , " according to Richard Blakesley , Fastjet 's finance director . The low-cost carrier expects to offer average fares of $ 70-80 before tax , which could fall to as much as $ 15-20 when booked early . "  That price will absolutely democratize air travel , totally changing the way people are traveling in Africa , " says Winter . Fastjet executives say they hope to tap Africa 's rather underdeveloped aviation network , offering an affordable alternative in a transport environment largely dominated by difficult terrains , long bus journeys and poor infrastructure . Read more : Africa 's daily commuting grind Haji-Ioannou , who set up easyJet in the mid-1990s , has described Africa as "  the aviation industry 's last frontier . " "  Past experience shows by halving fares , a successful low-cost carrier can encourage those people , who have never previously traveled by air , to fly . For Africa , with its densely populated cities separated by great distances -- this means a potential new market of millions , " he said after the reverse takeover by Lonhro . In 2011 , low-cost carriers occupied 9 % of the African market , suggesting that there is a large potential for further development and growth , says aviation expert Linden Birns . He notes , however , that the big challenge for airlines is breaking into cross-border flights and launching intra-African routes . "  At the moment access to markets on a transnational basis is governed by a set of bilateral air transport agreements , " says Birns , founder of South Africa-based aviation consultancy Plane Talking . "  Under those agreements , governments stipulate who 's allowed to fly and how many flights . That really keeps a lid on things -- if you can break through those barriers and introduce competition then we should see some pretty rapid growth happening in the market . " Aircraft manufacturer Airbus has forecast Africa traffic to expand by about 6.5 % per annum between 2011-2020 and by 4.9 % between 2021-2030 , for a 20-year growth rate of 5.7 % . This compares with a 4.8 % increase in demand on a worldwide basis over the next 20 years . "  It 's no secret that Africa represents a massively untapped market , " says Birns . "  If we look at where growth is happening in the world , Africa is certainly up there . " Birns says that as Africa 's cities get more populated and as demand for business is growing , the expansion of the low-cost model should revolutionize the continent 's air transport in the same way that it did in North America , Europe and now in Asia . "  More people will be able to trade , more people will be able to do their tourism and it should be a good economic driver , " he says . See also : Is Africa world 's next manufacturing hub ? Fastjet 's foray into the African market comes amid a tumultuous time for aviation industry in the continent -- earlier this month , a plane crash in Lagos , Nigeria , killed all 153 people aboard . Winter says Fastjet will raise the bar on safety and security , operating "  as though it was an European airline . " "  There 's no reason why Africans should n't be just as safe and secure as in an European airline and we will follow those sort of procedures , " he says . "  Now , that adds a bit cost to our operation but to my mind all of those costs are actually worthwhile to provide a safe and secure airline . " Looking ahead , Winter says the biggest challenge for Fastjet is dealing with lack of airport infrastructure , as well as high taxes imposed by governments and rocketing fuel duties . "  What we 're hoping is that governments will realize that by allowing these tax levels to come down to more normal levels , we will be able to do most markets and their total revenue will actually increase , " he says . But despite the challenges , Winter says he is "  incredibly excited " about the venture , saying that there is n't a better time to enter the African market . "  Five years ago it just was n't that level of GDP growth , the spread of wealth amongst the population and the level of investment , " he says , "  Whereas now I think all those factors come to play and now it 's exactly the right time to do this . "	EasyJet founder Stelios Haji-Ioannou has joined forces with Lonhro to launch Fastjet The low-cost airline will operate from Ghana , Kenya , Tanzania and Angola Low prices will democratize air travel in Africa , say Fastjet executives Challenges include airport infrastructure , high taxes and fuel duties
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A second lingerie-modeling photo of Miss California USA Carrie Prejean has appeared after she assured pageant officials this week that the earlier shot was the only one she had appeared in . Miss California USA Carrie Prejean may lose her crown because of some semi-nude photos she appeared in . The Web site that published the first picture published a second one Wednesday . It had already promised to "  slowly roll out " more photos . After the appearance of the first photo , the possibility that racier images could emerge prompted "  closed-door meetings " Tuesday to consider stripping Prejean of her beauty queen title , pageant spokesman Ron Neal said . Although Neal said Prejean "  breached her contract " by keeping the semi-nude photo or photos a secret , the only pictures published so far appear about as revealing as the bikini Prejean wore in the pageant 's swimsuit competition . "  We have been told by Carrie Prejean there are no other photos other than the one circulating in existence . She should know better than anyone , " Miss California USA Director Keith Lewis said Wednesday before the latest photo was released . Watch reaction to racy photos " Pageant officials were not immediately available for comment on the new picture . The 21-year-old Miss USA contestant has been the center of controversy since she declared her opposition to same-sex marriage in a response to a question on the national pageant stage last month . She finished as runner-up to Miss USA . In a statement given to CNN on Tuesday , Prejean said the photos -- and she did use the plural -- were being used in a "  vicious and mean-spirited " effort to silence her for "  defending traditional marriage . " While she vowed to "  continue to support and defend marriage as the honorable institution it is , " Prejean may be doing so without the Miss California USA title . State pageant officials met Tuesday with lawyers and representatives of Donald Trump , who owns the international competition , to consider whether they had grounds to take the crown away from Prejean , according to Neal . "  When you compete for Miss California , you 're supposed to disclose whether you posed for nude or semi-nude photos , because it 's grounds for disqualification , " he said . CNN obtained a copy of the pageant contract Prejean signed last year , in which she agreed that the discovery of semi-nude photos could mean disqualification . The first photo made public shows Prejean -- who said she was 17 at the time -- wearing pink panties and no top . She is turned away from the camera , with her arm hiding most of her breast . The second photo is essentially the same , but Prejean is looking over her opposite shoulder . It was unclear whether pageant officials would consider that a semi-nude photo , in light of their standard requirement that contestants parade across stage wearing a bikini that arguably shows more skin . Ahead of the second photo being published , Nik Richie -- of TheDirty.com -- said he was upgrading his Web site 's servers to handle the flood of traffic he expects will come after he posts the additional photos . "  I will slowly roll these out , " Richie said . The Web site appeared to be overwhelmed by traffic early Thursday . CNN tried to access it , but could not . "  We 'll see what happens with those and we want to know who 's releasing them , " Neal said . Shanna Moakler , the co-executive director of the Miss California USA organization , will meet with Tami Farrell , the runner-up for the title , "  to discuss the possible next steps , " Neal said . Prejean defended the photos , which she said were taken when she was a teenager aspiring to be a Victoria 's Secret model . "  I am a Christian , and I am a model , " she said . "  Models pose for pictures , including lingerie and swimwear photos . " She said the photos "  have been released surreptitiously to a tabloid Web site that openly mocks me for my Christian faith . " "  I am not perfect , and I will never claim to be , " she said . "  But these attacks on me and others who speak in defense of traditional marriage are intolerant and offensive . While we may not agree on every issue , we should show respect for others ' opinions and not try to silence them through vicious and mean-spirited attacks . " Her publicist , Melany Ethridge , confirmed a comment she gave to celebrity Web site TMZ in which she said Prejean was 17 when she posed for the photos , hoping they would land her a modeling job . "  In her naivete , an agent convinced her to pose for this photo to submit to a lingerie company , claiming they could make her the next Victoria 's Secret model , " Ethridge told TMZ . "  She has since learned what a lie that was , and what a mistake it was to have the photo taken . " Prejean announced last week that she would star in a new $ 1.5 million ad campaign supporting "  opposite marriage "  marriage between a man and a woman  funded by the National Organization for Marriage . "  Marriage is good , " Prejean said at a news conference announcing the ad campaign . "  There is something special about unions of husband and wife . Unless we bring men and women together , children will not have mothers and fathers . " CNN 's Aileen Martinez contributed to this report .	Miss California USA Carrie Prejean says she posed for one semi-nude photo A Web site says it has more photos of Prejean , and plans to slowly roll them out Prejean is in the news for her response to question about same-sex marriage
Running the rule over fellow airline passengers ; it 's as common as stowing your bag under the seat in front of you and fastening your seat belt . Who has n't spent a few moments sitting at a departure gate wondering who you might be seated next to for the next few hours ? You hope it 's not the family with the hyperactive child or the nervous flyer who unfortunately , for them and you , is out of valium . Now Dutch airline KLM has tapped into our in-built social screening to offer a service that will let you know more about fellow flyers well before take off . Launched this month as part of their online booking service , "  Meet & Seat " allows passengers to link their Facebook or LinkedIn profiles to the seats they choose . The idea is that when picking an aisle or a window seat you can see if the person next to you has similar interests and the potential for stimulating conversation , or if you 'll need extra batteries for your noise-cancelling headphones . So far KLM is only letting passengers on flights from Amsterdam to New York , San Francisco and Sao Paolo use the service . The airline says all personal profile details are deleted from the airline 's systems 48-hours after the flight . Are you a high-flyer ? Take our air travel quiz For those that are n't so bold and want to be set up with strangers by social media , a website for shy and lovelorn flyers went live earlier this year . Called "  We Met on a Plane , " it is designed to help passengers who may have had a moment of mutual attraction or enjoyed a conversation , but forgot to get those digits before deplaning , "  It 's about the ones that got away , " says founder Will Scully-Power . "  We 're doing what Mark Zuckerberg ca n't . If you 're single and you did n't get the other person 's name , how can you search for them on the internet or Facebook ? " Scully-Power first thought of the idea last year after meeting his current girlfriend on a flight from Thailand to Sydney . The 31-year-old Australian did get her number and love blossomed , but he thought that more people have probably missed their opportunity than seized it . When researching if there was something in his idea he found there were around 4,000 internet searches each month for "  we met on a plane . " It 's early days for the site , but it has clearly stuck a chord with flyers with people from 28 countries posting lonely-heart missives . Some posts even mention flights they took over ten years ago and a fateful missed connection . That could count as excess baggage .	KLM offers way for flyers to see others ' Facebook profiles when they check-in New ` Seat & Meet ' service designed to help people sit with like-minded travelers Another website set up for those who missed a love connection on flight
CNN  -- The U.S. military did major damage to the site of one of the wonders of the ancient world while converting it into a base , the United Nations said in a new report . An U.S. soldier looks over the ancient city of Babylon in Iraq in 2004 . The site of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon was converted into Camp Alpha shortly after the United States invaded Iraq in 2003 . The troops and their contractors caused "  major damage " by digging , cutting , scraping and leveling while they were revamping the site to meet military standards , the U.N. cultural agency , UNESCO , said in a report . "  Key structures that were damaged include the Ishtar Gate and the Processional Way , " the report added . The Ishtar Gate , an entrance to the northern part of the city , is decorated with animals that portray the symbol of the god of the city of Babylon . "  Damage to the gate includes smashed bricks on nine of the bodies of the animals adorning the gate , " according to the report . A military official said she had not seen the U.N. report , but added that one of the reasons troops set up a base at the site was to safeguard it . "  Coalition forces first occupied the Babylon site in April 2003 during the ground campaign of Operation Iraqi Freedom with a purpose , among others , of protecting the ruins from looting after the provincial museums in Babylon and Kufa were robbed of their entire contents , " said Lt. Col. Tamara Parker , a spokeswoman . "  U.S. forces respect historical sites in Iraq , " she added . The United Nations lists additional damage to the site , including trenches used as firing positions and barbed wire secured to various spots . The stakes used to set up the barbed wire damaged walls , according to the report . Babylon , an hour 's drive south of Baghdad , dates to ancient Mesopotamia . The city on the banks of the Euphrates River was the home of Hammurabi and later Nebuchadnezzar , who built the famous gardens for his wife . Alexander the Great wished to make Babylon his capital , but died before realizing his plan . During colonial times , archaeologists hauled off Babylon 's artifacts to Europe . Some of those artifacts can be seen in a museum in Berlin , Germany . The site was occupied by Camp Alpha from September 2003 till December 2004 , the report said . The United States has agreed to pay $ 800,000 to help rehabilitate the Babylon site , an Iraqi official said . "  We were very disappointed when multinational forces took over these ancient sites as bases although they knew how important these sites are to Iraqis and to the entire world , " said Abdulzahra al-Talaqani , spokesman for the ministry of tourism . Plans are under way to clean up the area in August with the help of hundreds of volunteers , according to al-Talaqani . The U.N. report noted that U.S. troops were not solely responsible for ruining the 4,000-year-old city . Before their arrival , local residents had contributed to the damage , mostly through development , the report said . "  The features of the western side of the city of Babylon disappeared many years ago due to encroachment by agriculture and development on the archaeological zone , " the report said .	U.N. report claims U.S. troops damaged city of Babylon during Iraq invasion Camp Alpha was built on site of Iraq 's historic Hanging Gardens Report cites extensive damage to Ishtar 's Gate , Processional Way United States to pay $ 800,000 to clean Babylon site
CNN  -- American tennis legend Andre Agassi has admitted using crystal methamphetamine a year before he won the French Open in 1998 , and that he lied to the sport 's governing bodies in the same period about a positive drugs test to avoid a ban . The 39-year-old , who is only one of six men in history to have completed a career grand slam of winning titles at all four majors , confessed in his autobiography that he took the highly addictive narcotic in 1997 while suffering poor form and to quell worries about his upcoming marriage to actress Brooke Shields . The eight-time grand slam champion revealed in his book how he felt when he first took the substance -- possession of which carries a maximum five-year jail sentence in the United States . "  Slim -LSB- Agassi 's assistant -RSB- dumps a small pile of powder on the coffee table . He cuts it , snorts it . He cuts it again . I snort some . I ease back on the couch and consider the Rubicon I 've just crossed . "  There is a moment of regret , followed by vast sadness . Then comes a tidal wave of euphoria that sweeps away every negative thought in my head . I 've never felt so alive , so hopeful -- and I 've never felt such energy , " Agassi recounted in an excerpt of his book that has been serialized by British newspaper The Times . Following his use of crystal meth , the former world number one pulled out of the French Open and admitted he did not practice for Wimbledon a month later . Later in the year an Association of Tennis Professionals  ATP  doctor confirmed to Agassi -- who is currently married to former number one women 's tennis player Steffi Graf -- that his use of recreational drugs had shown up in a positive dope test and that he faced a three-month suspension . The tennis great revealed how he lied in a bid to retain his reputation : "  My name , my career , everything is now on the line . Whatever I 've achieved , whatever I 've worked for , might soon mean nothing . Days later I sit in a hard-backed chair , a legal pad in my lap , and write a letter to the ATP . "  It 's filled with lies interwoven with bits of truth . I say Slim , whom I 've since fired , is a known drug user , and that he often spikes his sodas with meth - which is true . Then I come to the central lie of the letter . "  I say that recently I drank accidentally from one of Slim 's spiked sodas , unwittingly ingesting his drugs . I ask for understanding and leniency and hastily sign it : Sincerely . I feel ashamed , of course . I promise myself that this lie is the end of it , " Agassi added . Following the letter from Agassi the ATP dropped the case , allowing the American to regain a form that would see him go on to win the French Open in 1998 and the U.S. Open in 1999 before retiring in 2006 . The ATP have yet to comment following the revelations .	Andre Agassi has admitted that he used crystal methamphetamine The American used the drug in a year before winning the French Open in 1998 The former world number one lied to the ATP to cover up a positive dope test Agassi is one of only four men to complete a career grand slam
CNN  -- Colorado Rockies pitcher Juan Nicasio had surgery Saturday after he was struck by a line drive and suffered a neck fracture , according to the team . Nicasio , injured in a frightening moment Friday night at Coors Field , was "  resting comfortably " at a Denver hospital following surgery to stabilize a fracture to the C-1 vertebra in his neck , the Rockies said in a statement . The right-handed pitcher fell to the mound in the second inning after a ball hit by Ian Desmond of the Washington Nationals struck the right side of his head and went into foul territory . The team 's staff assisted Nicasio for several minutes before he was taken off the field by a cart . He will remain hospitalized as he recovers , the Rockies said . Nicasio , 24 , a native of the Dominican Republic , is 4-4 in his rookie season . He was placed on the 15-day disabled list Saturday , but it was not certain when he will be able to return .	Juan Nicasio was struck in the head by a line drive He had surgery in Denver to stabilize a vertebrae fracture Nicasio , 24 , is a native of the Dominican Republic
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Octuplets mom Nadya Suleman faces welfare fraud charges as she 's accused of not reporting money earned as a topless dancer and adult film actress . "  While applying for public aid , the mother of 14 children allegedly failed to disclose that she was also getting checks for personal appearances and residuals from videos , " said a news release from Los Angeles District Attorney Jackie Lacey on Monday . Suleman -- known in tabloids as "  Octomom " -- has not been arrested , but she has been ordered to appear before a Los Angeles County judge for her initial arraignment Friday , according to the district attorney 's office . The prosecutor will ask the judge to set a $ 25,000 bond , the release said . The charges of one count of aid by misrepresentation and two counts of perjury by false application for aid accuse Suleman of not reporting nearly $ 30,000 in earnings . From June : Suleman books stripper gigs to save home Her work was no secret , though . Suleman , 38 , performed in adult videos and danced topless at a Florida strip club last year . "  This is not a new career for her , " her rep , Gina Rodriguez , told CNN in June when asked about her stripping gig . "  She is just promoting her new video . " An adult video featuring Suleman was released in June . Suleman revealed in April that she was so determined to build a future for her 14 young children that she would accept adult entertainment offers , although she would not touch another "  human 's flesh . " "  I would n't even kiss somebody for money , " Suleman told CNN 's Nischelle Turner . "  I would not kiss somebody . I would n't touch somebody . " Suleman , who collected food stamps to feed her 14 young children , filed for bankruptcy in May , but the case was tossed out of court because of paperwork issues . Suleman dreams of building a business "  empire " that will pay for food , shelter and college educations for her 14 children , she told Turner . She ultimately hopes to become a role model for other women facing major struggles , she said . "  I 've got to win the battle , " she said . "  But right now , people do n't understand that . " The criminal complaint , filed by Deputy District Attorney William Clark with the public assistance fraud division , said Suleman applied for public assistance in Lancaster , California , in January 2013 . It alleges that she failed to report the extra income earned between in the first six months of last year . Suleman faces up to five years , eight months in prison if convicted , the prosecutor said . CNN 's Rosalina Nieves contributed to this report .	The mother of 14 is accused of taking welfare money while earning cash as a stripper Nadya Suleman is scheduled to go before a judge on Friday Her topless dancing and adult film work was no secret last year Welfare fraud charges could bring more than five years in prison
Seoul  CNN  -- Everyone 's made a joke they thought was funny only to see it fall flat , but Park Jung-geun 's attempt at humor could see him jailed for up to seven years in South Korea . Park , a photographer by profession , re-tweeted some messages from North Korea 's official twitter feed , such as reports on the late leader Kim Jong Il 's travels across the country and negative tweets about South Korea . "  I found the messages ludicrous because they are so harsh and the language is so out-dated . I found them funny , so I re-tweeted them , " Park told CNN . Park , 23 , also took a photo of himself holding a whiskey bottle and edited in a North Korean flag as a background for a joke . His supporters then doctored a North Korean military poster , replacing a smiling soldier with a sad photo of Park and the image of the gun with another whiskey bottle . But Park was imprisoned in January of this year , accused of "  acts that benefit the enemy " and spreading North Korean propaganda . He was released on bail in February and has another court appearance in mid-July . He 's still hoping the charges against him will be dropped . "  To be honest , if you did this in North Korea , you would be severely punished , " Park said . "  But this is South Korea and I thought there would n't be a problem as I did it for fun . It certainly was n't for propaganda purposes . " Park is the latest person to fall foul of South Korea 's controversial National Security Law  NSL  . Used widely during the years of military dictatorship in the 1970s and '80s , the law was designed to protect the state against North Korean propaganda and to prosecute spies . But human rights groups say it was also used to persecute political dissidents and stifle freedom of speech . Amnesty International says the law is still being abused , especially against those critical of the government 's policies on North Korea . "  The NSL has a chilling effect on freedom of expression in South Korea , " said Sam Zarifi , Amnesty 's Asia-Pacific director . "  It is used , not to address threats to national security , but instead to intimidate people and limit their rights to free speech . It should be reformed in line with human rights law and if the government can not do this , it must be abolished , " he said . The United Nations has also called on Seoul to change or repeal the law . President Lee Myung-bak 's office declined to comment on the issue but the law has certainly been more widely used since the conservative president came to power in 2008 . That year , just five people were prosecuted on charges of pro-North Korean online postings . Two years later that number had jumped to 82 . Some within the South Korean media are also criticizing the Lee administration for interfering in press freedom . Journalists from four major networks went on strike earlier this year . Employees from two of those stations have since gone back to work after promises from employers their concerns would be heard , but close to one thousand journalists remain on strike . "  President Lee Myung-bak has appointed pro-government people as presidents of the media companies , what we call ` parachutes , " said Kim Jong-wook , head of the YTN labor union which is still on strike . "  They are now trying to censor our voice and stop criticism of the government , " he added . The government denies interference but picketing journalists say they are worried they are seeing increased censorship reminiscent of the dark days of dictatorship .	South Korean man arrested over re-tweets of "  funny " North Korean tweets Park Jung-geun also tweeted an image of himself with the North Korean flag 23-year-old is accused of spreading North Korea propaganda Amnesty says the law is being used to stifle freedom of speech
CNN  -- Afghanistan , Turkey and Pakistan agreed to hold military drills together after leaders from each nation met in Istanbul Friday , Turkey 's state-run news agency reported . "  This is a very important matter . I am happy to see important development , " said Turkish President Abdullah Gul , according to Turkish news agency Anadolu . "  As a result of work accomplished between our armed forces , there will be a joint military exercise in April 2011 . " Gul said the military exercise and the meetings will help to assure stability and security in the region . During a news conference Afghan President Hamid Karzai was asked if he was open to having the Taliban open an office in Turkey or another impartial country . "  If Turkey can be kind to provide such a venue we , the government of Afghanistan will be pleased and happy to see that facilitation  in  Turkey , " Karzai said . The president referenced an article published earlier this week in the British newspaper The Daily Telegraph , in which former Taliban ambassador to Pakistan Mullah Zaeef said that having the Taliban set up an office in a neutral country may help bring about peace . Gul said he was not aware of the article but he said "  separately and generally , I would like to say that we would do everything that would help stability , security and future of Afghanistan , " Anadolu reported .	Leaders of each country met in Istanbul The drills will help add stability in the region , Karzai says During a news conference Harmid Karzai was asked about having a Taliban office in Turkey
CNN  -- A news anchor for WCBS in New York City has resigned following allegations that he choked his wife in their Connecticut home , a WCBS spokeswoman said Wednesday . The anchor , Rob Morrison , said in a statement released Wednesday that his "  family is my first and only priority right now . " "  I have informed CBS 2 management that I need to put all of my time and energy into making sure that I do what 's best for my wife and my son , " Morrison said . "  I very much appreciate the opportunity that CBS 2 has given me and I thank them for accepting my decision . " Morrison was taken into custody early Sunday at the Darien home he shares with his wife , CBS MoneyWatch anchor Ashley Morrison , police said . He was arrested and accused of choking his wife with both hands after becoming "  increasingly belligerent ... during the course of the evening , " a Darien police statement said . He was arrested on charges of second-degree strangulation , second-degree threatening and disorderly conduct .	Rob Morrison was accused of choking his wife , Ashley Morrison of CBS MoneyWatch Rob Morrison : "  I need to put all of my time and energy " into doing right by family "  Family is my first and only priority right now , " former WCBS anchor says
CNN  -- Dionne Warwick was one of the thousands of guests to attend Michael Jackson 's memorial service Tuesday at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . Dionne Warwick said Michael Jackson brought a new insight to things people should be paying attention to . Warwick talks with CNN 's Larry King about the moving tributes during the service and the legacy left behind by the "  King of Pop . " King also talks with Warwick 's son , Damon Elliott , who has been a friend of Jackson 's since childhood and was writing a song with Michael just before his death . The following is an edited version of the interview . Larry King : What did you think of the event , Dionne ? Dionne Warwick : Well , it was probably one of the most emotional mornings and afternoons that I 've spent in a very long time . It was done with a great deal of style and class . King : He would 've liked it ? Warwick : He would 've loved it . He would 've loved it . King : How did you and Michael hook up , Damon ? Damon Elliott : From Mom . We shared moms . When I was very little , I used to beg her probably at least once a week , "  Mom , you have to take me out to the house , you have to take me out to the house . " She 'd always say , "  I 'm on tour right now , baby . But when we I get home , we 'll go see Michael . " And one day we did , and he showed up , I think , in my living room or somewhere . King : You were writing a song at his death ? Elliott : Yes . Actually , I was working on some music for the new record that I was going to get over to Jermaine . And the night before he passed away , it 's crazy we were writing a song . King : How great a singer was Michael Jackson ? Warwick : Michael was ... King : A singer -- a pure singer ? Warwick : And he could sing . Yes . Yes . It was more than the magic of everything else that he did . He was a brilliant singer . King : What was he like to work with , if you were working on a song together ? What was that experience like ? Elliott : Well , from a distance , I got to work with Michael . I mostly worked through Jermaine , who was another amazing talent . But just all the brothers , you know , they have so much conviction and so much feeling in their delivery . Watch Jackson family address crowd " And Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us -- producers , dancers , singers , songwriters . He just had it all . He would come in and beat box a melody and you 'd try to emulate it on a drum machine and it just was impossible . So you 'd just keep what he did . King : What 's Michael Jackson 's legacy ? Warwick : The wonderful things that he did for this entire world . I think he brought a new insight as to the things that we really should be paying attention to . He did it brilliantly , and I think that 's his legacy .	Singer Dionne Warwick : Jackson 's memorial service was done with style , class Warwick 's son was writing a song with Jackson days before his death Damon Elliott : "  Michael was like the greatest teacher to all of us "
CNN  -- Highly-skilled foreign-born workers contribute more to the economy than they take away and unless the American government enacts immigration reform , the U.S. "  risks falling behing in the global race for talent , " according to a report released Wednesday . The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas on Wednesday released its 2010 annual report . Attached to the report was an essay authored by two economists who argue that that reform is needed to boost the legal immigration of highly-educated workers to the U.S. "  The disproportionate focus on illegal immigration is missing the picture that the legal system of immigration is broken as well , " Federal Reserve senior economist Pia Orrenius told CNN . "  The cost of ignoring problems with the legal immigration of high-skilled workers in some respects is higher than the costs of illegal immigration . " Orrenius and Agnes Scott College economics professor Madeline Zavodny co-authored the essay , "  From Brawn to Brains . " The essay contains ideas included in a book the two economists co-authored for the American Enterprise Institute in 2010 , Zavodny told CNN . The book is entitled "  Beside the Golden Door -- U.S. Immigration Reform in a New Era of Globalization . " Pointing to economic and census data , the authors say that skilled immigrants boost economic productivity and entrepreneurship . In highly technical fields , immigrants tend to complement U.S. born workers by moving into expanding fields "  where native labor supply can not keep up , " the author 's Federal Reserve essay states . Immigrant entrepreneurs obtain patents at more than a two-to-one rate than native-born Americans , according to Orrenius and Zavodny , and tend to boost "  patent activity " overall . More highly educated immigrants also contribute more to government coffers than lower-educated workers drain from them , according to Orrenius and Zavodny . The authors argue there is a line of approximately 1 million skilled-workers waiting on "  employment-based " green cards from the U.S. government . That 's because the number of permanent resident visas issued by the federal government has n't changed since 1996 . "  Untold numbers have given up on waiting or even applying , " the essay states . "  For those in the queue , their applications have been approved , but their green cards wo n't be available for years because of strict numerical limits on employment-based permanent visas . " Orrenius and Zavodny also point out that U.S. policy on granting green-card status to immigrants overwhelmingly favors relatives of U.S. citizens , other legal residents or refugees . Employment-based green cards for skilled workers and their families account for 15 % of the total issued by the U.S. government every year , according to the authors .	A report says immigration reform should boost numbers of highly-skilled foreign workers in U.S. Report : Without reform , the U.S. could lag behind in the "  global race for talent " Report : Educated immigrants contribute more to the economy than illegal immigrants drain
London  CNN  -- Malala Yousufzai , the Pakistani teenager who defied Taliban attackers to promote education for girls , says she 's "  feeling all right " after two weekend surgeries . Doctors attached a titanium plate to her skull and implanted a cochlear device to restore hearing to her left ear . Read more : The girl the Taliban wanted dead "  I 'm happy that both of the operations are successful , " she said Monday from her bed at a Birmingham hospital . "  I can walk a little bit and I 'm feeling better . " She hopes to be fully recovered in about a month , she said . Malala "  has no long-lasting brain injuries " after being shot in the head by Taliban gunmen last October , her brain surgeon , Dr. Anwen White , said Monday . Read more : Malala 's journey from near death to recovery "  She wo n't need any further surgery , " White said . The five-hour operation took place Sunday at a Birmingham hospital . After surgeons attached the titanium plate and inserted the implant , the 15-year-old Malala was "  very focused and enthusiastic , " White said . Shortly after the shooting , Malala 's brain swelled dangerously , so doctors in Pakistan extracted a section of her skull about the size of a hand . Otherwise , the pressure in her cranium would have caused severe brain damage , likely killing her . Doctors then temporarily implanted the skull piece in her abdomen -- a common procedure to preserve bone fragments for later use . The skull piece would have no longer fit properly without the addition of some titanium parts , as her head and the bone fragment have changed . Titanium also has a low incidence of infection and can be handcrafted to near perfection , doctors said . Pakistan 's Malala : Global symbol , but still just a kid On Saturday , before the surgery , Malala credited her survival to "  the prayers of the people . " "  Because of these prayers , God has given me this new life and I want to serve and I want every girl , every child to be educated , " she said . "  She 's already talking about furthering her cause , " said the hospital 's medical director , Dr. Dave Rosser . The terrorists have said they will target her again . Malala had become deaf when gunfire from the attack broke the delicate bones that help turn sound into sensory impulses to the brain . The cochlear device will not allow her to hear completely naturally , Rosser said . But it will restore enough function to the damaged ear to allow her to hear things such as an approaching car , which obviously is important for safety .	Malala Yousufzai says she 's feeling all right after double surgeries in the UK Shot in the head by Taliban in October , Malala hopes to be fully recovered in about a month Doctors Sunday attached a titanium device to her skull and implanted a hearing device "  She 's already talking about furthering her cause , " a doctor says
The first man out the gate in the 2016 race for the White House is already facing scrutiny over payments his PAC made to his wife and daughter . A political action committee headed by Former Sen. Jim Webb , the Democrat who launched a presidential exploratory committee last month , has paid more than $ 90,000 to his wife and daughter since late 2006 -- with close to half of that amount doled out in 2014 alone , according to FEC filings . The information was first reported by Business Insider . A Webb spokesperson defended the expenses in an email to CNN , explaining that payments to Webb 's wife and daughter increased in 2014 to a total of $ 37,000 to revamp Webb 's personal website and create his 2016 exploratory committee page before he announced his plans to fundraise for a prospective presidential bid . "  Adding up numbers across several years for a sensational headline does n't tell the story , " the spokesperson said . "  The activities of the PAC increased in 2014 when Jim Webb decided to re-enter the political discussions of our country . " The spokesperson added that the payments were "  well within the law " and "  much lower " than typical compensation . Webb 's daughter , Amy Webb Hogan , drew most of the disbursements , charging her father 's PAC $ 24,000 in 2014 alone for "  administrative consulting services , " which included administering , managing and designing the PAC 's website , Sen. Webb 's personal site and creating the Webb2016 website . Webb Hogan is the CEO of Webbmedia Group , a digital strategy firm based in Baltimore , though the payments from the PAC went directly to her . Sen. Webb 's wife , Hong Le Webb , made $ 13,800 in 2014 for "  website services , " which included "  vetting design consultants , negotiating contracts and content management , " Webb 's spokesperson said . She also received more than $ 1,000 in travel reimbursements from the PAC . Sen. Webb was also reimbursed $ 4,100 in travel expenses tied to an August 2014 trip to Iowa to campaign for candidates and meet prospective key supporters in the key primary state . The PAC has not spent any of its funds on donations to political candidates or groups since Oct. 2010 , though it has continued to receive donations from supporters , according to FEC filings . And the payments to Webb 's family amount to nearly 10 % of all contributions the PAC received and only about 20 % of donations to the PAC went to political candidates or groups , Business Insider reported . The Born Fighting PAC continues to accept donations online and the website now also links to Sen. Webb 's 2016 exploratory committee website . Webb , a Marine Corps veteran , touted his bipartisan credentials and his military ties in a 14-minute video he posted last month announcing his intention to form an exploratory committee for 2016 , which allows him to raise funds for a potential run and is typically the first step to formally announcing a presidential bid . If he does , Webb will likely face former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Democrats ' primary process . Clinton is expected to announce a presidential bid next year .	Webb spokesperson explains 2014 Webb 's PAC has paid his wife and daughter more than $ 90,000 , including about $ 37,000 in 2014 alone Webb 's spokesperson said in a statement the payments were "  well within the law " The PAC spent about 20 % of its donations in payments to Webb 's wife and daughter
New York  CNN  -- Former ESPN writer Anthony Federico apologized Monday for writing an offensive headline about basketball sensation Jeremy Lin , calling it "  an honest mistake . " The controversial headline read "  Chink in the Armor : Jeremy Lin 's 9 Turnovers Cost Knicks in Streak-stopping Loss to Hornets . " The phrase -- Chink in the Armor -- contains a word that has two meanings ; one is an ethnic slur . "  I 'd love to tell Jeremy what happened and explain that this was an honest mistake , " Federico told the New York Daily News in an interview published Monday . ESPN fired Federico and suspended Max Bretos , an anchor who used the same phrase , the sports network said Sunday . Federico told the paper , "  ESPN did what they had to do . " The ESPN headline Saturday morning was up for 35 minutes before being removed , but the damage was done . ESPN apologized Saturday stating , "  We again apologize , especially to Mr. Lin . His accomplishments are a source of great pride to the Asian-American community , including the Asian-American employees at ESPN . " Federico offered a similar apology in the interview with the Daily News . "  I 'm so sorry that I offended people . I 'm so sorry if I offended Jeremy , " he said . Lin , 23 , came off the bench earlier this month to guide the New York Knicks to win after improbable win . The unlikely star of Taiwanese descent quickly turned into a global brand and "  Linsanity " became the phrase of the times . Lin addressed the controversy during a news conference Sunday following the Knicks ' 104-97 win over the Dallas Mavericks , the defending national champions . He said he did not think the headline was intentional . "  I do n't think it was on purpose , " Lin said . "  At the same time , they 've apologized . I do n't care anymore . " In reflecting on his time at ESPN , Federico told the New York Daily News , "  I had a career that I was proud of . "	Former ESPN employee Anthony Federico tells the New York Daily News , "  I 'm so sorry " He wrote a headline that included the phrase "  Chink in the Armor " Basketball sensation Jeremy Lin did not think the slur was on purpose and does not care anymore Federico tells the paper he is proud of his career at ESPN
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- Mexican authorities have bolstered their search for a missing U.S. citizen and the government rejects assertions that security forces are n't doing enough to find him , the foreign ministry said Friday . David Michael Hartley has been missing since a reported pirate attack September 30 on a lake bisected by the U.S.-Mexico border . Hartley 's wife , Tiffany , told authorities her husband was shot and killed by pirates on Falcon Lake during a sightseeing trip . His body has yet to be found , leading to questions about the accuracy of her statements . The ministry said the federal attorney general 's office opened an investigation based on testimony Tiffany Hartley gave to Mexican authorities at the consulate in McAllen , Texas . The government also has been in close touch with several U.S. authorities . "  The search and rescue for Mr. Hartley started the day of the incident , and intensified this week with additional officers from the Army , the Federal Police , and from state and municipal forces , which cover the area where the incident reportedly took place , " the ministry said . On Thursday , Tiffany Hartley said she might take a lie detector test if people continue to doubt the veracity of her account . If "  that 's what the authorities think I need to do , then that might be an option , " she said when asked on CNN 's "  AC 360 " about taking a lie detector test . Hartley was on several CNN shows Thursday recounting what happened last week on Falcon Lake . She also talked about her feelings about people doubting her account of the alleged attack . Hartley said on HLN 's "  Issues with Jane Velez-Mitchell " that "  I know what I know . " "  It 's hard being judged and thought of that I might have done something to him , " she said . But she added , "  As long as I know the truth , God knows the truth . And other than that , it almost does n't really matter to me , because I know what happened that day . " Mexican authorities said earlier this week that they could not verify the shooting , and Hartley was asked point-blank on NBC 's "  Today " show Wednesday whether she had anything to do with her husband 's disappearance . Pam Hartley , David Hartley 's mother , said Tuesday that any suggestion that her daughter-in-law 's account was inaccurate is "  insane . " Investigators have found some evidence that backs up Hartley 's account , including blood on her life vest , Zapata County Sheriff Sigifredo Gonzalez Jr. said Thursday . And the incident was similar to other attacks reported by boaters on Falcon Lake , about 70 miles west of the Hartley 's home in McAllen . Gonzalez has said the gunmen are typically teenagers hired by a drug cartel in the neighboring Mexican state of Tamaulipas . Mexican authorities have said the lake is controlled on their side by "  organized criminals , " and the sheriff called on the Zeta cartel to turn over Hartley 's remains if they have them . "  We just want a body , " he said . Tiffany Hartley said she believes the attackers took her 30-year-old husband 's body after he was shot in the head and fell off the personal watercraft he was riding . She said she suspects her husband 's remains are more likely to have been dragged onto land than to have been left in the lake . "  We do believe if they would just go ahead and give us David 's body back , it would be done . It would be concluded . We could go on with our lives , " she said . Authorities from both nations are conducting separate searches and are coordinating and holding regular meetings , State Department spokeswoman Virginia Staab said . But because the alleged crime happened on the Mexican side of the border , the United States can not prosecute or make arrests in the case , the sheriff said . Tiffany Hartley , 29 , told HLN that the couple set out across the lake on personal watercraft for a sightseeing trip to Guerrero Viejo , a half-submerged ghost town on the Mexican side of the lake . Though there had been warnings about previous robberies on the lake , she said they had heard of no problems for several months , "  So we figured everything had kind of calmed down . " Instead , she said , they were pursued by men in three boats as they left the site 's historic church . At first , "  they just waved at us like we were friendly , a very friendly wave , " she said . But then , as the couple passed , she said they began chasing them and firing shots . David Hartley was shot in the head and fell off his personal watercraft , and he was unresponsive when she turned back to try to retrieve him , his wife said . While she was trying to haul him onto her craft , their attackers pulled up alongside , she said . "  They did n't say anything to me , so I do n't know what they were trying to do ... but they left , " she said . "  They just left me there . Thankfully they did n't shoot at me . They had a gun pointed at me . " Unable to pull her husband 's body out of the water , Hartley headed back across the lake to U.S. waters . She said the gunmen fired "  a few more " times on her way back . "  Once I started to get going , I just went as fast as I could and did n't look back until I could n't see them anymore , " she said . Rolando Flores , lead investigator for the Tamaulipas state police , described the area as "  a conflict zone . " The state has made headlines recently as a hotbed for drug cartel violence , and there have been at least four cases of gunmen in Mexican waters robbing or threatening boaters on Falcon Lake since April , according to the Texas Department of Public Safety . David Hartley worked for an oil company in Reynosa , Mexico , and the couple had lived on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande before moving back to the United States earlier this year , family friends said . His aunt , Alice Harrod , told HLN 's "  Prime News " the family had concerns about their safety in the area , "  and we were all thrilled to hear that they were moving back to Colorado , " where they grew up . "  We 're all very devastated . It 's hard to even believe something like this could happen . We 're hanging in there , but it 's very , very difficult for the whole family , " Harrod said . According to Rep. Henry Cuellar , D-Texas , 60 Mexican personnel , three boats and a helicopter have taken part in the search . Investigators resumed their work Thursday despite threats to their lives , and Cuellar suggested that the Mexican navy might need to be called in to help . Despite the dangers on the Mexican side of the lake , Texas officials on Thursday said that the U.S. side of the body of water remains safe . "  It is just as safe now as any other time . However , there is a threat , " said Rep. Ruben Hinojosa , D-Texas . CNN 's Justine Redman , Nick Valencia , Dave Alsup and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico says it has ramped up the search Wife , her story questioned , tells HLN , "  I know what I know " Sheriff calls on drug cartels to turn over the body Tiffany Hartley said men in motorboats shot her husband
India has an unlikely new public health hero : a giant , anthropomorphic stool that chases people to squat in toilets . Mr Poo , who appears in commercials accompanied by a groovy techno anthem , is the face of the latest public health campaign by United Nations Children 's Fund in the country . With a bold and quirky approach unlike any previous awareness drives , the ` Poo2Loo ' campaign seeks to bring people 's attention to the health hazards associated with public defecation -- a deep-rooted social norm in the country 's rural and urban slums According to UNICEF , India has the highest number of people in the world -- an estimated 620 million -- who defecate in the open , creating a major public health hazard by leaving an estimated 65 million kilograms of waste each day . Only half of the population uses toilets . With an animated video , a catchy song with ` toilet sounds ' , and even a smartphone application , the digitally-led campaign is targeted at the country 's youth . The campaign uses "  quirky , informative and inspiring language , " said UNICEF spokeswoman Maria Fernandez . "  It also contains humour to better connect with the target audience . Once they -LSB- the youth -RSB- are exposed to the issue ... they will be encouraged to know more . " Poo woes The approach might be humorous , but the underlying issue is n't . Open defecation is almost universal amongst the poorest 20 percent of India 's population . An absence of adequate toilets and water facilities is as much the reason for this as is a lack of awareness about proper sanitation and hygiene . The number of toilets in the country is far below what is required , but even when community toilets are provided , many people in rural India continue to defecate in the open due to a lack of education about proper hygiene . Projects such as the Total Sanitation Campaign -- a community-led program launched in 1999 to address the country 's sanitation woes -- have boosted toilet facilities , but hundreds of millions of people remain without access to toilets . There is also a huge discrepancy between the government 's data on the number of toilets built and what some reports claim . The Union Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation claims that more than 50 percent of the country 's rural households were covered by the sanitation drive by 2010 , while the last Census conducted in 2011 showed toilet coverage to be only around 30 percent . Children most at risk This is of particular concern for children in the country 's rural pockets . Reports say poor sanitation is one of the major contributors to India 's rampant child malnutrition numbers -- among the highest in the world . UNICEF 's figures show why . More than 28 million children lack access to toilets in their schools . They also face a huge risk of contracting bacterial infections , with over 44 percent of mothers disposing their children 's waste in the open . Diarrhoea remains one of the top causes of child deaths in the country , alongside respiratory infections . The issue of poor sanitation has also been raised by politicians as a priority for the next government . "  Whoever the prime minister is must lead a national movement to make the country open defecation-free in 10 years ' time , " Union Minister Jairam Ramesh told reporters in March . The goal seems somewhat ambitious . While there has been a 20 percent drop in the number of people defecating in the open in the last decade , India has a long way to go before it can meet the 2015 Millennium Development Goal target for sanitation , which requires 75 % of the country to have access to sanitation . India set itself the even loftier target of providing 100 % of the rural population with access to toilet facilities by 2012 , but that did n't materialize . In fact , the date keeps getting pushed further -- it was initially revised to 2015 and recently set back to 2022 . Using social media , UNICEF is trying to steer people 's attention towards this largely taboo issue . However , questions remain about the impact of such an urban campaign , given that its target audience -- youngsters -- are mostly likely to be using toilets in any case . To which , Maria contends , "  If we keep silence , we are contributing to the problem . So the campaign tries to create noise so those who have actually toilets understand the issue and do something about it . " READ MORE : Bringing toilets and dignity to India 's poor	More than 620 million Indians still defecate in the open UNICEF 's campaign aims to educate the youth about the health hazards associated with public defecation More than 28 million children do not have access to toilets in their schools , increasing risk of infections
CNN  -- Following a big night for Republican gubernatorial candidates , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie took a victory lap Wednesday morning with interviews on all five major news networks , where he brushed off questions about 2016 and defended his recent shout-down of a heckler . Here 's a few messages he tried to push : 1 . He says he has n't made a decision on running for president : The political calendar is now focused on the next presidential election , but Christie appeared no more closer to making a decision on 2016 . Pressed by CNN 's Chris Cuomo on "  New Day " to elaborate on his own thought process and the public pressure he 's facing to run , Christie did n't budge . "  I 'll make this decision based on my own time table and not on anybody else 's , " he said . As chairman of the Republican Governors Association , Christie helped raise more than $ 100 million in the past year and Republicans gained multiple governorships Tuesday night , while still others have yet to be called . Asked how he can say no to 2016 after having a successful year , Christie said : "  I do n't know that you 'd say ` no ' . " "  But I have n't said yes , " he continued . "  That 's a big difference . " On ABC 's "  Good Morning America , " Christie said the past year of traveling gave him and his family a better feel for what a national campaign would be like that . But is it fair to say he 's closer to a 2016 run , asked George Robert Stephanopoulos . "  No , not fair to say , " Christie said . "  It 's fair to say that what I 'm looking for is a nap . " 2 . He does n't regret yelling at the heckler : Even some Republicans â $ " including Mitt Romney , Bobby Jindal and Rand Paul â $ " argued Christie 's sharp reaction to a heckler last week was n't the best way to handle the situation . But Christie said he has no regrets . Asked on CNN and NBC whether he thinks he 'll be able to control his Jersey temperament if he runs for president , Christie took issue with the premise . "  Why would anybody think that what I did last night was n't controlled , first off ? Why would they think that I did n't do exactly what I wanted to do ? " he said on CNN . Christie said on almost all the shows that he would n't do it differently if he 's interrupted like that again and thinks his style will play just fine in other states "  I 'm going to be myself . If I decide to run for something and that 's not good enough , then that 's not good enough , " he said . I 'm not going to change who I am -- not for anybody " Asked on NBC whether he might at least try to "  hide " that part of his personality , Christie candidly replied , "  There 's no hope for that . " 3 . He says he 's not trying to take credit for Tuesday night 's success : Christie was strategic in trying to keep the candidates in the spotlight Wednesday morning , saying on NBC that "  the candidates deserve the credit -- it 's always about the candidates . " When Gayle King on CBS asked if his morning show appearances could be called a victory lap , Christie said with a straight face : "  You can certainly call it an acknowledgment of a lot of hard work by a lot of great governors . " The sweetest personal victory for him , he said on CBS , was Gov. Paul LePage 's re-election victory in Maine . But he added that Republican pickups in blue states like Massachusetts , Maryland and Illinois were also great . "  I love that map this morning , " he said on Fox News . "  It looks absolutely fabulous . " He did n't hesitate to take some shots at Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley , who 's openly considering a 2016 presidential run , saying the GOP 's win in Maryland is a rejection of O'Malley 's policies of "  high taxes and big spending . " "  Even for Maryland it got to be too much , " Christie said on CBS . 4 . Tuesday night was also a message to Obama : Christie said on Fox News that Tuesday night 's results were a "  a reflection of the president 's lack of leadership . " "  The biggest emotion I saw  when traveling  was anxiety , " he said . "  We used to control events , now events control us . " He argued that "  the president needs to step up and finally lead and work and compromise " with the new Republican majority in Congress .	Chris Christie appeared on five morning news shows on Wednesday He leads a campaign group that works to elect GOP governors , which had big success Tuesday Christie said he still has n't made a decision on 2016
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie is visiting Iraq to boost what she sees as lagging efforts to deal with the problems of 2 million "  very very vulnerable " internally displaced people in the wartorn country . Angelina Jolie has been working to focus attention on problem of refugees in Iraq . "  There does n't seem to be a real coherent plan to help them , " said Jolie , speaking in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Arwa Damon Thursday . "  There 's lots of goodwill . Lots of discussion , but there seems to be a lot of talk at the moment , and a lot of pieces that need to be put together . I 'm trying to figure out what they are . " A goodwill ambassador for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees , Jolie wants to find ways to help the agency be more active inside war-torn Iraq . Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Jolie " Sunni-Shiite sectarian violence in the country has sparked a displacement crisis that is considered the most significant in the Middle East since the 1948 creation of Israel . More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled their homes , around 2 million to neighboring states , mostly Syria and Jordan , and another 2.2 million displaced inside Iraq . The flight was aggravated by the February 2006 bombing of a Shiite shrine in Samarra , an attack that stoked pitched sectarian warfare . Many of the internally displaced live precarious lives amid conditions of squalor , crowded into camps and slums that often lack basic necessities , such as proper food , health care and shelter . "  How Iraq settles in the years to come is going to affect the entire Middle East , " said Jolie . "  It 's in our best interest to address a humanitarian crisis on this scale because displacement can lead to a lot of instability and aggression . " Read transcript of interview Jolie has been working to help draw attention to the problem and has called for governments to bolster their support of the U.N.H.C.R. . In August , Jolie first visited Iraq and Syria to get a sense of the problem . She heard stories from refugees about their plight . Watch as Jolie lunches with troops " This visit to Iraq is focusing on the problems of the internally displaced , 58 percent of whom are under age 12 . A top issue for the agency is getting better security . Jolie is talking with U.S. officials , including top U.S. Gen. David Petraeus , about that issue , and are willing to provide such security which she said "  needs to be addressed and solved . " The Iraqi government needs to empower agencies that deal with migration to address the concerns of the displaced -- but that has not happened yet , she said . Jolie said it was crucial that the government prepare a plan to deal with refugees who return home from Syria and Jordan and find that their homes are "  occupied " by others or "  bombed out . " She emphasizes the way in which these people are resettled will have "  broad implications " in the region . Jolie also is talking to people about moving forward the U.S. effort to resettle Iraqi refugees in the United States , which has set a goal of taking in 12,000 of those people by September . Only 375 have been admitted so far . "  I have to believe there are people working toward that goal , " she said . International agencies , such as the United Nations and the Arab League , and many countries in the region and in Europe are addressing the refugee and the internally displaced persons ' crisis , and money is being allocated to Iraq and host countries to help clothe , feed and house people . Most of the refugees are in Syria and Jordan , and they reside in big cities like Damascus and Amman . The U.N.C.H.R. is trying to help governments in Syria and Jordan to cope with the influx , which has stretched the resources of institutions like schools and health systems . It is also attempting to help 41,000 non-Iraqi refugees in Iraq , such as Palestinians and Iranians . Last month , the UNHCR announced a plan to seek $ 261 million this year for its work to help these refugees . It has almost 350 staffers "  directly engaged in operations for Iraq and the surrounding region . " Officials in Iraq and the coalition have been heartened by the fact that some refugees are starting to trickle back home . But they are returning to a country where mixed Shiite and Sunni neighborhoods have turned into Sunni or Shiite enclaves and that they might not be able to return to their homes . E-mail to a friend	Angelina Jolie visits Iraq to boost efforts to help internally displaced refugees Actress tells CNN : "  There does n't seem to be real coherent plan to help them " Jolie is goodwill ambassador for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled homes , 2 million to neighboring states
CNN  -- Gas prices jumped 18 cents over the past two weeks , the biggest jump of the year , according to a survey published Sunday . The average cost of a gallon of regular is $ 3.69 nationwide , the Lundberg Survey found . That 's nearly 8 cents higher than a year ago , but still 28 cents lower than it was in April of this year . "  Higher crude oil prices , higher corn-based ethanol prices , plus a spate of refinery and pipeline problems around the country combined " are behind the spike , said publisher Trilby Lundberg . The U.S. drought is pushing up prices for all corn-based products . It 's impossible to predict what will happen with gas prices in the near future , Lundberg said . "  The refinery and pipeline issues that have added to the price rise are certainly temporary in nature . But the other two -- the ethanol price rises and the higher crude oil prices -- are n't so easily dismissed as immediately temporary . " But , Lundberg said , she doubts prices will jump this quickly in the near future because many of the refinery issues are being resolved . The Lundberg Survey tabulates prices at thousands of gas stations nationwide . The city with the highest average in the latest survey was Chicago , at $ 4.23 . The lowest average price was in Tucson , Arizona , at $ 3.18 . Here are average prices in some other cities : - Boston , Massachusetts - $ 3.74 - Charleston , South Carolina - $ 3.43 - Atlanta , Georgia - $ 3.64 - Indianapolis , Indiana - $ 3.84 - Denver , Colorado - $ 3.45 - Tulsa , Oklahoma - $ 3.54 - Portland , Oregon - $ 3.74 - San Francisco , California - $ 4.06	The national average jumped 18 cents over two weeks , the Lundberg Survey finds Crude oil prices , the drought , and refinery problems contributed to the price hike Highest average price was in Chicago , lowest was in Tucson , Arizona
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Steve McPherson quit his job as ABC Entertainment president this week amid "  gossip and innuendo " that "  goes with the territory , " his lawyer said Thursday . The network confirmed McPherson 's resignation , but would not comment on what McPherson attorney Tom Hoberman described as the "  rumors of internal situations " at ABC . McPherson held the post for six years and had another year on his contract . "  Upon Steve McPherson returning to work from his vacation on Monday , he made a voluntary decision to resign and ABC accepted his resignation , " Hoberman said in a written statement . The statement only hinted at what led to his decision to suddenly depart just days before the network was set to present its fall primetime lineup to television critics . "  It is not uncommon for high level executives to be the subject of gossip and innuendo , " Hoberman said . "  That would include rumors of internal situations which can easily be misinterpreted or misrepresented . Seems like it goes with the territory , and there is nothing further to discuss . " McPherson said he has "  a new entrepreneurial venture in the spirits business " lined up as well as "  involvement in a new media company . " ABC said it would announce a replacement for McPherson "  shortly . "	Lawyer : Resignation came amid "  rumors of internal situations " McPherson quit the day he returned from vacation ABC will announce a new president "  shortly "
Swiftwater , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Vaccine manufacturing giant Sanofi Pasteur opened its doors to the media Wednesday , inviting reporters to a first-of-its-kind , up-close look at its H1N1 flu vaccine production facility . Sanofi , the only manufacturer licensed to make H1N1 vaccine in the United States , also released its final clinical trial data , a 42-day follow-up of its adult and pediatric trials . According to this latest data , a single dose of H1N1 vaccine induces a strong immune response in adults , but two doses will be needed for children 6 months to 9 years of age . "  These are extremely important data , " said Wayne Pisano , president and CEO of Sanofi Pasteur , "  because they once again make clear not only the immunogenicity of Influenza A -LSB- H1N1 -RSB- 2009 Monovalent Vaccine manufactured by Sanofi Pasteur , but also the fact that this vaccine has a safety profile similar to that observed with seasonal influenza vaccine in all age groups studied . " According to Sanofi , there were no serious adverse incidents associated with vaccination . While no cameras were allowed inside the production facility during the tour , journalists were taken through the bulk influenza vaccine manufacturing facility , where the virus is injected into eggs to produce vaccine ; the quality contol and sterility lab , where safety testing is done ; and the formulation and filling facility , where single dose syringes and multidose vials are filled . In response to questions about criticisms over a shortage of vaccine , Chris Viehbacher , CEO of parent company Sanofi Aventis , said he has 2,000 employees on-site 24 hours a day , seven days a week . Viehbacher said the facility is producing 5 million doses a week , and that will increase to between 9 million and 10 million by early December . By the end of this week , Sanofi will have shipped 20 million doses of H1N1 vaccine , according to the company . According to Viehbacher , Sanofi will be on target to ship the entire 75 million doses ordered by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services by the end of the year . "  We are all working as fast as we can , " Viehbacher said . "  Everyone would like to have more vaccine now but we have what we have . Those not at risk should have some degree of patience . " Sanofi also will deliver 50 million doses of seasonal flu vaccine before the end of the month , the company said . By the end of the year , "  125 million doses of both vaccines -LSB- seasonal and H1N1 -RSB- will be out the door , " Viehbacher said . He added that it is important to understand that 85 percent of the manufacturing process is testing and quality control , not growing the vaccine . Sanofi , the largest vaccine company in the world , makes more than 45 percent of the flu vaccine distributed in the United States and about 40 percent of the world 's supply .	Journalists given tour of vaccine manufacturing area Company says latest trials indicate children will need two doses of vaccine By end of week , 20 million doses of H1N1 vaccine will have shipped , company says
CNN  -- At least three people were killed Sunday when a passenger train derailed near Toronto , Canadian officials said . All three people were employees of Via Rail Canada , Michelle Lamarche , a spokeswoman for the railway , said , calling it a "  very sad day for Via . " At least 45 passengers were injured , three severely , according to John Marginson , chief operating officer of Via . The derailment occurred around 3:30 p.m. in Burlington , about 40 miles southwest of Toronto , Lamarche said . The train , carrying 75 passengers , was traveling from Niagara Falls to Toronto , according to Lamarche . An investigation into the cause of the wreck is under way .	NEW : 45 passengers are injured , rail line official says Those killed were employees of Via Rail Canada The train was carrying 75 passengers
CNN  -- A host of Republicans is calling for the head of Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius over the troubled health care website rollout . Thirty-three Republican members of Congress signed Rep. John Fleming 's letter to President Barack Obama demanding that Sebelius be fired . But whether to sack her is not one of the questions we should be asking . The secretary spent 3 Â 1/2 hours testifying before a congressional committee on Wednesday about the awful mess that was the launch of the federal website intended to allow millions of Americans to sign up for health insurance under the Affordable Care Act . Punctuated by moments of contrition and obvious frustration , her performance was intended both to signal resolve to the American people that getting the website fully operational was her principal priority and to shield the president from the slings and arrows of the many critics of Obamacare , who gleefully saw this as an opportunity to embarrass him and re-energize their efforts to derail the law . The news Wednesday was replete with stories of Obama 's sagging popularity , and one ca n't help but tie this drop , at least in part , to the problems with the rollout . So what is he , as our nation 's chief executive , to do ? Should he heed those calls to demonstrate forceful leadership in a time of seriously flawed performance and fire Sebelius ? After all , the argument goes , something like this would not be tolerated in the business world . The consequences would be swift -- the person responsible for the mess would be fired . And did n't she admit in her testimony that she was responsible ? Yes , she did . But here 's why the question of whether she should be fired is not the right one . Obama needs to keep his eye on the big picture . The issue is not Sebelius ' future , it 's what needs to be done to fix the mess . She has accepted responsibility and has specified a time frame within which she has said the dysfunction will be repaired . Obama should support the secretary fully in her efforts . It is much more important for the President in the long run to make sure that people can sign up for insurance coverage under the ACA than to finger a scapegoat and orchestrate a public beheading . The difference between forceful leadership and nuanced leadership is significant , and the context and circumstances should determine which -- or what blend of the two -- is appropriate . Whatever momentary boost a "  forceful " action might give the president in the polls would not justify the potential long-term consequences of firing a Cabinet member who arguably has served well in turbulent times . Obama said Wednesday that he would take ultimate responsibility , acknowledging that the buck stops at his desk . Two very tough questions , however , lie ahead : First , what should he do about Sebelius if the mess is n't a whole lot less messy by the end of November ? And second , what about his own political capital ? Let 's reserve judgment on the first one until the end of November comes around . At this point , my guess is that if implementation of the website has n't improved very much , Sebelius will resign . Regarding the second , it 's clear that Obama has a lot riding on getting the system to work "  well enough . " It might not happen by the end of November , but it will happen . It 's not yet clear where the problem with rolling out the health care website really lies . Why such a shambles ? Early indications point in two directions : diffuse authority  no one was really in charge of the whole initiative  and poor execution  the contractors simply dropped the ball  . As we learn more about how the website was designed and tested , we will be in a better position to figure out what went wrong and where . But for the time being , we do n't know -- so why drop the guillotine blade and run the risk of beheading the wrong person ? The problem is real , and so are the politics . Precisely because the ACA is so important to the President , its detractors see a golden opportunity to inflict possibly serious damage on its future . This is political hardball on steroids , and the grandstanding that we see in front of the cameras helps us understand -- as if we did n't already -- why 74 % of Americans polled are unhappy with the behavior of Congress . Calls to fire the secretary are intended to put Obama in the position of seeming weak if he does not . So he needs to respond in a way that is seen as decisive yet supportive of the secretary . The rearview mirror on the health information exchange mess is n't quite in focus yet , because we 're still in the middle of it . But it 's true that little changes tend to have small ripple effects , and big changes , like the health care act , have huge ripple effects . And no change , little or big , is ever without a glitch . Life in Washington is a circus . There are many rings with different events going on in each , and all are vying for the audience 's attention . If the circus is to continue , the most important job is to know where the tent poles are and guard them zealously . Stay tuned . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Kimberly .	Many Republicans want Obama to fire Kathleen Sebelius over website dysfunction John Kimberly : The issue is not her future , it 's what needs to be done to fix the mess He asks : Is short-term boost in polls for Obama worth firing a Cabinet member ? Kimberly : We are seeing political hardball and grandstanding on steroids
CNN  -- Never underestimate Brazil 's love for football -- a lesson learned the hard way by a member of one of the world 's biggest rock bands . Chad Smith , drummer for the Red Hot Chili Peppers , has apologized to fans of Brazilian football team Flamengo after wiping his backside with one of the club 's shirts . The incident occurred during a drum clinic in the Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte last week , when Smith shoved a red and black Flamengo shirt down the back of his trousers prompting booing from large parts of the gathered crowd . The 52-year-old has since attempted to build bridges with fans of Flamengo , which claims to be Brazil 's best-supported club with 30 million fans . "  I want to apologize for my inappropriate antics at the drum clinic , my joke about team rivalries went too far . Flamenco  sic  fans ... I 'm sorry , " Smith tweeted to his 269,000 followers . Smith , a key member of the American band since 1988 , later sought to further endear himself to Flamengo fans by posting a picture of himself cheering on Instagram wearing one of the club 's jerseys . Flamengo is one of Brazil 's most successful clubs and is one of five to have never been relegated from the top division .	Drummer apologizes after wiping his backside with Flamengo jersey Chad Smith is the drummer for U.S. rock group Red Hot Chili Peppers Smith later posted a picture of himself wearing a Flamengo shirt
CNN  -- Comedians Keegan Michael Key and Jordan Peele , the brains behind the hit Comedy Central sketch show "  Key & Peele , " joked that President Barack Obama is the idol black nerds have longed for and needed . "  Obama was the best thing for black nerds everywhere . Finally we had a role model , " Peele humorously told reporters recently . "  Before Obama , we basically had Urkel . " Black nerds , aka "  blerds , " is a way to describe African-American intellectuals in a time when it 's finally cool to be something other than an athlete or rapper . "  There have long been African-American intellectuals , " said Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , whose new genealogical show , "  Finding Your Roots with Henry Louis Gates Jr. , " debuted last Sunday on PBS . "  The difference with my generation and those after is that there are more of us in the spotlight , " Gates said . "  With my PBS specials , I drew a record 25 million viewers . I would n't have been able to do that without the platform I have . " "  It 's good to see black intellectuals do well , " he said . "  We as a people are a whole range of things , and we 're finally starting to see that reflected in the media . " Because there is a growing number of prominent and successful people considered blerds such as President Obama , Gates and astrophysicist and PBS star Neil deGrasse Tyson , TV viewers are starting to see more and more blerd-type characters on their favorite comedies and even children 's programs . That 's right . Lance Robertson , aka DJ Lance Rock from Nickelodeon 's "  Yo Gabba Gabba ! " is a total blerd . The list also includes comedic actor Jordan Carlos from "  I Just Want My Pants Back " on MTV ; Aisha Tyler from FX 's "  Archer " and "  Happy Endings " star Damon Wayans Jr. on ABC . "  I 'm a black nerd and that was illegal until 2003 , " joked Donald Glover in one of his Comedy Central standup specials . Glover has also started blending his nerdy habits in with that of his "  Community " character , Troy . A comedian and a former writer for "  30 Rock , " Glover has created a whole stand-up act trumpeting blerds like the president and rapper Kanye West . "  Strange , specific stuff -- that 's what makes a nerd a nerd , " Glover has explained during his bit . "  Kanye West is a black nerd . If you go up to Kanye West and say ` Hey , what are your favorite things ? ' He 'd be like ` Robots and Teddy bears . ' " "  That 's a nerd . " Similar observations have been made by comedian and actor Kevin Hart  a guest star on ABC 's "  Modern Family "  . Like Glover , Hart has created a new brand of dorky , self-deprecating humor that is completely different than that of their comedy predecessors , Eddie Murphy and Chris Rock . "  It 's fashionable to wear bowties and be educated , " said Dave Nemetz , a TV content producer for Yahoo! "  It 's part of multiculturalism and with everything blending together , there 's a certain subset of  black nerd life  that 's becoming cool right now . "  Nerds are cool right now in general and that 's certainly an aspect . " Nemetz said the rise in characters such as Brad  Damon Wayans Jr.  on "  Happy Endings " is also the result of color-blind casting . "  Damon Wayans ' character would n't necessarily be a black character the way it was written , " Nemetz said . "  He 's fantastic and that helped him get cast but I also think once you get people from different cultures coming in , and taking roles that may not have been written for them , you see this type of advancement . "  Twenty years ago , it would 've been out of place to have this character there because it was n't happening culturally . " Carlos , who also does standup , said his blerd character Eric on "  I Just Want My Pants Back " was Jewish in the David J. Rosen book the show is based on . Rosen also created the TV show and Eric is a medical student . "  I like that they were open to different people coming in and going against type , " Carlos said of the show 's producers . "  I 've been Pookie Crack Head No. 2 , but I 'd never been a member of a cast . " Alphonso McAuley , plays a blerd on the Fox comedy "  Breaking In . " He said his character Cash is into "  Star Wars " way more than he is in real life , in spite of the fact that he owns not one but two "  Star Wars " Lego sets . "  Up until now , black nerds were n't being celebrated , " McAuley said . "  We 've seen the thug , the athlete , the rapper and the comedic best friend . This is something different . "  It 's cool to be uncool . "	Black nerds or ` blerds ' are increasingly visible in pop culture Actors like Donald Glover , Damon Wayans and Alphonso McAuley are playing nerds Expert says "  It 's fashionable to wear bowties and be educated "
The British businessman accused of ordering a hit on his new wife while on honeymoon in South Africa will appear in a Cape Town court on Tuesday . Shrien Dewani was returned to the country Monday by UK officials . He denies murdering Anni Dewani , 28 , in November 2010 in Cape Town . He has avoided extradition for the past three years on mental health grounds , but upon losing his latest appeal , British authorities have agreed to return him to South Africa to stand trial . The extradition request was approved on the proviso that if Dewani was not fit to stand trial in the next 18 months , he will be returned to the United Kingdom . Dewani left from Bristol Airport Monday night , according to a statement issued by London 's Metropolitan Police , and is set to arrive in South Africa on Tuesday morning , local time . He is accompanied by "  representatives from the South African authorities , " and will be taken directly to court to be formally charged when he lands . The court is due to sit at 11:30 am  local time  , a few hours after he lands . Dewani , a millionaire care home owner , is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife during a taxi ride in Cape Town in November 2010 , just over two weeks after their wedding . Taxi driver Zola Tongo confessed within weeks of the bride 's death that he had hired two men to kill her . In a plea deal with South African authorities , he said he was paid by Dewani to carry out the hit and to make it look as though the two were the victims of a carjacking as they were driving through a township on the edge of Cape Town . Tongo was subsequently sentenced to 18 years in prison for his part in the killing . His two accomplices are also serving lengthy sentences for their part in the killing . In their ruling , the judges at the High Court in London said there was some prospect that Dewani could recover sufficiently to be fit to stand trial . He has been apparently suffering from mental health conditions , including depression and post-traumatic stress disorder . Until his extradition , he had been held at Fromeside Hospital , a secure mental health unit in Bristol . Upon arrival in South Africa , he is likely to be transferred to the bleak , prison-like Valkenberg hospital , a high security psychiatric facility in Cape Town . The family of the victim has welcomed the ruling . Speaking at a news conference , her brother , Anish Hindocha said , "  It 's been very difficult . There is no life in our family any more , we struggle very much . With the help of the South African people , with the help of the British people , we are at least trying to cope ... we need justice for Anni "	Murder suspect Shrien Dewani extradited from UK to face trial in South Africa Dewani has resisted extradition for the past three years on the grounds of mental health He is accused of orchestrating his new wife 's death in Cape Town in November 2010 Until he stands trial , Dewani will likely be held in a notorious secure psychiatric facility in the city
CNN  -- The war between natives and immigrants is ending . The natives have won . It was a bloodless conflict fought not with bullets and spears , but with iPhones and floppy disks . Now the battle between the haves and have-nots can begin . The post-millennial "  digital native , " a term coined by U.S. author Marc Prensky in 2001 is emerging as the globe 's dominant demographic , while the "  digital immigrant , " becomes a relic of a previous time . The digital native-immigrant concept describes the generational switchover where people are defined by the technological culture which they 're familiar with . Read more : China looks to lead the Internet of Things Prensky defines digital natives as those born into an innate "  new culture " while the digital immigrants are old-world settlers , who have lived in the analogue age and immigrated to the digital world . Although not Luddites , the immigrants struggle more than natives to adapt to hi-tech progress . Read more : ` Father of the internet ' : Fight for its freedom The author of "  Teaching Digital Natives , " whose success pushed him onto the speaking circuit , says the explosion of technology over the last 10 years is just the start of a symbiotic new world . Computers and handsets are becoming an extension of body and mind , creating a Cyborg-like population . Prensky cites the 100-meter runner Oscar Pistorius , an athlete with prosthetic legs , as an example of how technology is used to enhance our lives . He told CNN : "  For humans , what used to be this body of flesh and bone , all that is now just the center ... Being human is a moving target . " The human race and its struggle to keep up with technology Prensky says that at no time in history has technology moved so fast . Today the latest high-tech gizmos can be passe even before hitting the shop floors . In the past -- during the post-industrial revolution era , for example -- accelerating technology has plateaued . So , with the meteoric rise of new social media outlets including Facebook , Twitter , YouTube and Skype , history suggests the world is overdue for a slowdown . Read more : Why are n't robots doing my dishes yet ? But Prensky says this time , any slowdown in the digital age is a "  myth , " as innovation will only press forward "  faster ... And faster and faster . " He told CNN : "  We are not going through a transition to another faze of stability , and that is the key point . People will always be behind now and that will be a stress they have to cope with . " The new norm Connecting with one another in the modern world requires a knack for social networking and texting , which is the norm for the digital native . But for the immigrant , it can be akin to learning a whole new language . Prensky illustrates his point with former director of the CIA David Petraeus . In November , he was embroiled in a scandal that revealed he had an affair with Paula Broadwell . The FBI uncovered the affair while it investigated e-mails that Broadwell allegedly sent to a Petraeus family friend , Jill Kelley . Prensky labels this naivety by immigrants as "  digital stupidity " -- by assuming that when people decide to post online or send e-mails , they believe privacy is automatically applicable . "  People get frightened by change and they should be . They need courage to face the future these days , especially those who feel left behind . " Prensky said . "  People adapt instinctively and humans are very good at that . The young people live in the context ; the older people see the changing context and struggle . " Digital poverty As technology filters into every corner of the globe and tech cities spring up in some unlikely places from Bangalore to Tel Aviv , a new gulf is emerging to separate the digitally savvy from the disconnected : Poverty . In India , over two-thirds of the population live on less than $ 2 a day , according to the World Bank . But a United Nations report still says that mobile phones are more common than toilets , with nearly half of India 's 1.2 billion population armed with a handset . Nishant Shah , a director at the Centre for Internet and Society in India , told CNN that defining natives and immigrants by generation is a "  serious concern . " According to Shah , Prensky 's views were formed from the "  privileged " position of living in the U.S. Shah added : " -LSB- Prensky 's -RSB- observations may describe a generation gap that the U.S. faced , but if you transplant the same definition to other parts of the world , natives are sometimes indistinguishable from immigrants . " The real fear for Shah is the new hierarchies created by digital literacy and the class systems that will be shaped by access to digital technologies . The call of the developing world As mobile networks extend their reach and areas become increasingly urbanized , Western tech companies are seeking to tap markets with large populations . Last year , Finnish phone maker Nokia released a range of smart phones targeted at consumers in emerging markets , particularly in Asia , to compete with cheaper Android devices . But Shah argues bombarding a country with technology and infrastructure is not a rounded solution to the digital poverty problem . India , for example , has connectivity and access in abundance , but the country continues to suffer from a generation of "  digitally poor classes . " He argues that simply providing the equipment does not help young people understand how that technology can better their lives without education and training . Shah told CNN : "  Just because young people have tech access in India , it does n't make them digital natives . " He added , "  It creates digital outcasts -- people whose supposed problem of access to the world has been resolved . " Prensky , however , believes a "  networked planet " is a sign developing nations will soon close the digital divide . Even those who do n't yet have the technology still know that it exists , and will have it before long . The world in 2020 By 2020 , Prensky predicts people across the globe will be plugged into the "  AORTA , " -- Always On RealTime Access -- a term coined by Mark Anderson , the chief of the Strategic News Service -- specializing in technology news . A future in which people are constantly able to access information and news from anywhere on the planet . Shah says that the works of science fiction may offer the most accurate insight into our futuristic society . He said : "  The presents that we live in , are the futures that our pasts have imagined . " "  Let us hope that the technologies of the future will also be designed to protect that which is sacred , and that which is important in our own understanding of being human . "	U.S. author Marc Prensky says that at no time in history has technology moved so fast Prensky defines digital natives as those born into "  new culture " while the immigrants are old-world settlers Shah says that the works of science fiction may offer the most accurate insight into a futuristic society
CNN  -- You may not have noticed it because of that helmet he had to wear while free-falling into the history books , but Felix Baumgartner is kind of hot . Yes , yes , we know that sounds incredibly superficial , but these things are important when considering who should be cast to play Baumgartner in a movie about his record-breaking leap . Because honestly , you know someone , somewhere , is already trying to figure out how to turn it into a film . And we want to offer an assist . Here are just a few of the Hollywood hunks who come to mind : David Beckham - You can kind of see it , right ? Rugged jaw line , stubble , the hard athletic body from hours of training for a death-defying feat . And a vocal coach could be brought in to help Beckham learn an Austrian accent . Channing Tatum - Four words for you : "  Magic Mike in space . " Need we say more ? And in the interest of creative license , the "  Step It Up " star could land on his feet after the jump and break into a celebratory dance . Alex Pettyfer - Speaking of "  Magic Mike , " Tatum 's co-star in that film could also make an interesting daredevil . And in an interview he reportedly said he is a "  fan of fear " -- and Baumgartner 's feat was definitely a scary one . Michael Pitt - There was a huge outcry when Pitt 's character was killed off in HBO 's "  Boardwalk Empire " so we know he has a fan base . He 's also a pretty intense actor and could probably pull this one off with ease . Jonathan Rhys Meyers - The actor has been missed since his star turn in the now ended Showtime series "  The Tudors . " He has range , having convincingly portrayed everyone from King Henry VIII to the king of rock and roll , Elvis , so why not ? Sam Rockwell - He plays a lunatic in "  Seven Psychopaths " and we 'd like to see him get a break from often playing the heavy . He 's had smaller roles in films like "  The Green Mile " and "  Iron Man 2 , " and a lead would be nice . Ryan Reynolds - Because he is Ryan Reynolds , and any opportunity to have more of Ryan Reynolds we will take . Who would you throw into the mix as a possible Baumgartner ? Sound off below .	Felix Baumgartner broke a world record Sunday when he jumped from 24 miles above the Earth David Beckham and Channing Tatum are two stars who could play the Austrian in a movie
CNN  -- A former top Colombian official survived an assassination attempt Tuesday after a daylight bombing in the country 's capital , authorities said . Fernando Londono , a former interior and justice minister , was among at least 39 people injured in the Bogota blast . He was being treated at a hospital , President Juan Manuel Santos said . "  I want to condemn this in the strongest terms , " he said , adding that the motive for the attack was unknown . Londono 's driver and his head of security were killed , Santos said . A chaotic scene unfolded as the blast hit a commercial neighborhood in a city where such attacks have become rare . All the windows on a bus were blown out , and blood was all over the area , witness German Diaz said . People panicked , he said . Some cried . Video showed shattered glass and scattered car parts covering the street as rescuers arrived . Security cameras at the Bogota intersection recorded a man crossing the street while cars were stopped at a red light , CNN affiliate Caracol TV reported . The man threw a package at the vehicle Londono was riding in , then sped away on a waiting motorcycle , the CNN affiliate said . Colombian authorities were offering a 500 million peso  $ 280,000  reward for information leading to the capture of those responsible for the attack , Santos said . Earlier Tuesday , police detected and deactivated a car bomb in central Bogota . Santos told reporters Tuesday evening that there was no evidence linking the two incidents . Mayor Gustavo Petro suggested the attack could have something to do with the U.S.-Colombia Free Trade Agreement , which went into effect on Tuesday . "  We think it is a plan aimed at trying to destabilize the city on the precise day when the free trade agreement begins , " he told reporters . He urged the city 's residents to remain calm and report anything suspicious to authorities . Londono served as minister of interior and justice from 2002 to 2004 during the administration of President Alvaro Uribe . He was known for being outspoken against leftist rebel groups , including the Armed Revolutionary Forces of Colombia , or FARC . Londono travels with a sizable security detail because of numerous threats against him . Rebels say they 'll free French journalist Even as Santos said authorities were still trying to determine who was behind the blast , one police official blamed the rebel group . "  Nobody else could have done it , and we have reasons to say what we are saying , " Bogota Police Chief Luis Eduardo Martinez told reporters , according to Caracol . Analysts offered a similar assessment . "  It has all the hallmarks of a FARC operation , " said Cynthia Arnson , director of the Latin America program at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington . The bombing comes as recent Colombian government operations and policies have caused significant setbacks for the rebel group , she said . "  This kind of attack in Bogota has become extremely rare , but nonetheless seems designed to drive home a political point , that the guerrillas retain this capacity for violence , " Arnson said . Several bomb blasts occur every year in Bogota , but assassination attempts are uncommon , said Ben West , senior tactical analyst for Stratfor . The last one occurred in 2007 , when a letter bomb was sent to the deputy education minister , he said . In the 1980s and 1990s , high-profile attacks targeting government officials were more common in Colombia , he said . "  I 'd say for about the past 10 years , it 's been much more quiet , " West said . "  One attack does n't make a trend . It could just be an outlier , but it is significant that it was an assassination attempt , not just a random bombing . ... It is a more sophisticated attack . " Local media reports have speculated that the attack could be connected with the trade agreement , he said , and some have suggested local criminal gangs could be behind it . But the FARC seems to have the strongest motive and capabilities to mount such an attack , West said . The rebels could be responding to a new government approach that expands the focus of military operations beyond the group 's leaders , he said . "  They 're going after all the FARC members . They 're trying to be more disruptive rather than surgical . If they 're successful in this , it 's going to get a response from the FARC , " West said . "  An attack like this , in Bogota , in the capital of the country , where the government is , it could be a response to the new strategy the government is taking . " Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report from Bogota . Mariano Castillo and Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta .	Officials do n't know who was behind the blast , President Juan Manuel Santos says Authorities are offering a $ 280,000 reward for information , he says The attack targeted a former minister of interior and justice At least two people were killed and dozens were injured
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Justin Bieber 's neighbor accused the singer of "  battery and threats " after a confrontation outside his California home Tuesday morning , authorities said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's deputies were called to Bieber 's gated neighborhood in Calabasas at 9 a.m. by the neighbor , who is not being named , according to sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore . But a member of the singer 's security personnel said there was no physical contact . "  The neighbor went onto Justin 's property . They exchanged words . The neighbor has had issues before , " the source said . Bieber , 19 , moved into a $ 6.5 million mansion in The Oaks of Calabasas a year ago . The exclusive community is also home to Michael Jackson 's mother and his three children . Investigators are sorting through witness statements to decide whether charges should be filed against Bieber , Whitmore said . Bieber had just returned to his California home Tuesday morning after performing in Europe . The singer 's representatives did not immediately respond to CNN calls for comment . Justin Bieber hosts ` SNL ' : What 's the verdict ? Selena Gomez made Justin Bieber cry Boy admits ` swatting ' Ashton Kutcher , Justin Bieber CNN 's Jane Caffrey and KJ Matthews contributed to this report .	NEW : Bieber source : "  They exchanged words , " but there was no physical contact A neighbor calls deputies about Bieber Tuesday morning Investigators are looking at witness statements to decide whether Bieber should be charged Bieber lives in an exclusive community near Michael Jackson 's children
Moscow  CNN  -- Outside the Dutch Embassy in Moscow , people have left flowers and cuddly toys at a makeshift memorial for the lives lost in a conflict-scarred corner of eastern Ukraine . Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 fell from the sky in Donetsk on Thursday , killing all aboard . Of the 298 people killed , 193 -- nearly two-thirds -- were Dutch citizens . The United States accuses Moscow of supporting the pro-Russian rebels that it suspects shot down the aircraft . Russia denies involvement , with Russian President Vladimir Putin saying Ukraine 's military operation against the rebels is to blame for the tragedy . He has called for a "  thorough and objective " investigation . With rebels in control of the crash area , and reports of bodies and wreckage being tampered with , Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte told reporters he had a "  very intense " conversation with Putin on Saturday . Rutte said he told Putin "  the opportunity expires to show the world that he is serious about helping . " The tributes at the Dutch Embassy in Moscow include a hand-drawn picture of a plane broken in midair with the caption "  children should not die , " in a child 's handwriting . Another message reads : "  We are afraid , we are ashamed , we are in mourning . " While the official Russian position is that Russia played no role and has no responsibility for the crash , what 's striking in many of the notes is the use of the phrase "  forgive us . " The messages give a sense that the people who have left them do feel that Russia has an element of responsibility in what is playing out in eastern Ukraine . One note reads , in English , "  Excuse us , please , if you can . Sorry ! Russia , Moscow . " Paying his condolences at the embassy , Muscovite Yuri Yemshanov told CNN it was "  difficult to recognize that our country could be involved in this accident . " "  I think there 's lot of proof that we 're in closer relations and connections with the separatists in Ukraine . I suppose it 's clearly understood that we support them by providing weapons , and so I think it does n't matter who launched that rocket . Just because we 're supporting terrorists , we 're involved . " His wife , Marina , added : "  I think there should be investigation , but of course many things are understood now and we probably could know who did this . Now I think it 's time to say I 'm sorry for these people . This is the first thing . " Another woman , who gave her name as Olga , said that she was sure Russia was not involved in the tragedy and that an investigation would establish who was , but she added : "  However , I would also say ` forgive me . ' I 'm feeling the same . " Arnold van Sinderen , a Dutch citizen living in Moscow , told CNN he believed that the West painted the wrong image of Putin , but that all the same , the Russian leader needed to step up . "  It 's time to take responsibilities there and bring peace in this region . He should take his responsibility as well with what is happening with the plane crash ; this might accelerate the situation . " Meantime , the tributes outside the embassy pile up . Grief over victims , support for those left behind Who were the victims ? Grief and mourning at Amsterdam 's Schiphol Airport	Nearly two-thirds of those who died in the Malaysia Airlines crash in Ukraine were Dutch In Moscow , people have been leaving flowers and toys outside the Dutch Embassy Many of the messages include the phrase "  forgive me , " CNN 's Diana Magnay says One Muscovite told her that Russia 's connections with rebels meant it was involved
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- A Niger Delta leader arrested in South Africa after a bombing in Nigeria will be held separately from other prisoners until a bail hearing next week , his lawyer said Tuesday . A judge in Johannesburg court ruled Tuesday that Henry Okah will have his bail hearing October 14 , said attorney Rudi Krause . "  The prosecution has indicated they plan to oppose his release on bail , but I am confident our application will be successful , " said Krause , who wanted Okah separated from the general prison population for his safety . Charged in South Africa under terrorism legislation , Okah is suspected of being a leader of the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , known as MEND , which took responsibility for the bombings that killed 12 and injured 50 in Nigeria 's capital , Abuja , on Friday . The bombings came as the West African country celebrated 50 years of independence . MEND issued a statement Saturday saying it had given the Nigerian government advance warning and blamed the government for the deaths . The Nigerian Intelligence Service said Monday that nine people have been arrested and they were being questioned in connection with the blasts . Authorities are still seeking two men , identified as Chima Orlu and Ben Jessy , whom they accuse of being the "  masterminds " of the plot . Sources close to MEND told CNN that the two men are "  not known to be MEND operatives or known to be active on the Niger Delta issue . " They also raised concerns about the nine other arrests , calling them an "  attempt by the Nigerian government to be seen to act . " Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan has appointed Andrew Azazi , his former chief of defense staff , to be the country 's national security adviser in the wake of the bombings , Jonathan 's office told CNN on Monday . Jonathan later called the action a terrorist attack that was designed to "  disrupt " the anniversary , presidential spokesman Imo Niboro said . But he said it had nothing to do with Niger Delta issues or MEND . MEND , which represents militants in the oil-rich Niger Delta , is an umbrella organization of several rebel groups . It has been battling the government for years over fairer distribution of the country 's oil wealth . MEND said Okah had been harassed by authorities in South Africa , where he lives , but denied his involvement . "  Okah has never been involved in any MEND operations but has always been blamed for every attack , which is strange to us , " MEND 's statement said . MEND said the "  irresponsible attitude of the government security forces is to blame for the loss of lives . " "  The security forces were also warned one full hour to the first bomb blast ahead of the general alert sent to the media and told to steer the public from all parked cars which was not done , " the group said in a statement . CNN 's Nima Elbagir contributed to this report .	NEW : Henry Okah to be apart from other prisoners until bail hearing MEND , which claims responsibility , says it gave the government notice of bombings The president says the attack was an attempt to disrupt independence celebrations
A fire that swept through a Bronx apartment killing three young brothers was caused by a candle and occurred one day after the power company cut off electricity for unpaid bills , officials said Saturday . A neighbor said she was in her apartment in the building on West 165th Street -- half a mile from Yankee Stadium -- when she heard the boys ' mother , Tashika Turner , screaming "  Fire ! " "  She was yelling out the window , " Cynthia Woods told CNN affiliate NY1 . "  She saw me and said , ` Fire ! ' So I ran upstairs to the apartment and I kicked the door open . "  I tried to go in and get the kids , because I could hear the kids hollering . But the fire was like real heavy , so I fell , and I could n't get into the house to save the kids ... And I could n't get them . I could n't get the kids out . I heard them crying , and they were burning . I could n't get them . I could n't get them out . I tried . " Woods said she kicked the door so hard she fell back . When she finally forced it open , "  the fire came out -- and all I could hear is them hollering . And I tried to go in , but I could n't go in . There was so much smoke and fire . It was a big flame . The whole front , the kitchen , everything was on fire . " It took about 100 firefighters about 90 minutes to bring the two-alarm fire under control by 9:30 p.m. Friday in the six-story building , officials said . By then , it was too late . The boys -- Elijah Artis , 5 ; Jeremiah Artis , 2 ; and Michael Turner , 4 months -- were declared dead on arrival at Lincoln Medical Center , police said . Hospital spokeswoman Nydia Negron said two children -- sisters ages 4 and 4 months -- were in stable condition in the intensive care unit ; the mother was treated and released . Their mother -- whom Negron identified as Tashika Turner -- survived , too . Fire marshals have determined the fire was accidentally "  caused by a candle in the kitchen , " FDNY spokesman Daniel Glover said . Con Ed spokesman Allan Drury explained that the apartment 's residents owed "  a significant amount ... -- well into the thousands of dollars . " "  We try to avoid turning service off to customers , " Drury added . "  We 'll put them on payment plans to work with them to avoid turnoff , but this account had substantial arrears . " The fire occurred 180 feet from 1022 Woodycrest Avenue , a four-story building that caught fire in March 2007 when a space heater cord overheated , killing 10 people , nine of them children . At the time , Mayor Michael Bloomberg called it the worst fire in New York City since the Happy Land social club -- also in the Bronx -- went up in flames in 1990 , killing 87 people . Mom , 4 kids dead in Brooklyn stabbing	"  I could n't get them out , " says neighbor -- "  I tried " "  This account had substantial arrears , " says ConEd spokesman The brothers were ages 5 , 2 and 4 months
CNN Student News  -- March 9 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Iran Japan Mariana Trench Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- A 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck the Philippines early Tuesday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake 's epicenter was reported to be in Negros , about 360 miles south-southeast of Manila . The earthquake had a depth of nearly 12 miles , the USGS said . There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage .	The earthquake had a reported magnitude of 6.2 It struck in Negros , about 360 miles south-southeast of Manila
CNN  -- More than 230 civilians have died in fighting over the past two weeks between Somali transitional government forces and Al-Shabaab militants in Somalia 's capital of Mogadishu , the U.N. refugee agency said on Tuesday . At least 400 people have been wounded and 23,000 displaced in the latest violence , the agency reported . So far this year , more than 200,000 civilians are believed to have fled their homes in the capital , it said . "  People who have been able to reach northern Somalia and neighbouring countries are mostly arriving on foot and by small buses and traveling without shelter . They tell our staff that the streets of Mogadishu are completely deserted and that people are too afraid to leave their houses . In these dangerous and difficult conditions , aid distributions are becoming rare and those who venture out are risking their lives , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said . The agency said people are leaving the capital for other parts of Somalia , such as Puntland , or to the neighboring countries of Ethiopia and Kenya , and across the Gulf of Aden to Yemen . Somalia generates the largest number of refugees in the world after Afghanistan and Iraq , the agency said . At the end of August , there were more than 614,000 Somali refugees and over 1.4 million people displaced within the country . "  The collapse of the state , spiraling violence and anarchy , compounded by poverty , has led to one of the worst humanitarian crises in the world and unacceptable suffering of the civilian population , " the agency said . African Union troops from other countries have been helping the transitional government fight the Islamist insurgents , who are trying to topple the government . In fact , Uganda recently said it is deploying an additional 750 peacekeeping troops to Mogadishu . The increase is a fulfillment of the commitment pledged by the government of Uganda at the African Union Summit in July . The African Union agreed to send an additional 2,000 troops total to Mogadishu . Djibouti and Guinea are also expected to send their battalions . When all parties fully deploy the pledged troops , the number of AU troops will increase up to 7,000 , said Fred Opolot , Ugandan government spokesman . "  The increase in the troops comes as a response from the government of Uganda and AU to the recent attacks in Kampala carried out by Al-Shabaab , " said Opolot , referring to the bomb attacks on World Cup fans in Uganda in July , which left as many as 79 people dead .	Troops and militants have been fighting in Mogadishu The unrest has displaced tens of thousands of people Somalis are going to Puntland , Kenya , Ethiopia and Yemen to escape the violence
CNN  -- The massive tornado that devastated communities in Oklahoma Monday touched down near the town of Newcastle just five minutes after the first warnings went out , according to the National Weather Service . But residents of Moore , which would be hardest hit by the killer storm , had about 30 minutes before the twister entered the western part of the city , CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said Tuesday . It sounds like enough time to act , but in the wake of tragedy , the question always persists : Could more have been done to warn residents of the monster tornado ? The science and technology behind severe weather prediction continues to improve , and many of the tools in place were deployed during Monday 's tornado . Once the tornado had touched down and meteorologists had determined that it was heading toward a populated area , the National Weather Service issued a "  tornado emergency , " said Harold Brooks , a research meteorologist at the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administration 's Severe Storms Laboratory in Norman , Oklahoma , which is near Moore . The rarely used distinction is designed to make it clear that there is a dangerous situation . Moore in bull 's - eye twice , science may know why "  When you hear that , the response is that you better get your act together , now , " Brooks said . For the citizens of Moore , the tornado emergency was declared at 3:01 p.m. , about 14 minutes before the tornado reached the city . "  I think it was a very well-warned and well-forecasted event , " Brooks said . EF5 tornadoes are terrifying perfect storms The initial warning , which included the counties where Newcastle and Moore are located , would have been followed by alerts on television , radio , phone apps and sirens . Once forecasters recognized that the tornado was violent and that a "  potentially extraordinary event was occurring , " the emergency declaration set off another round of warnings , Brooks said . Still , at least 24 people lost their lives as a result of the tornado . Considering the size of the tornado and the number of homes it affected , the death toll could have been worse , Brooks said . "  A lot of people survived the path of the tornado , " he said . Basements scarce in tornado-prone area : Here 's why The science behind predictions Currently , the Severe Storms Laboratory can forecast weather conducive to tornadoes about seven or eight days out , Brooks said . This is a vast improvement over 15 years ago , when forecasts were available for just one day ahead . In the case of the tornado that hit Moore , forecasters predicted severe weather in the Oklahoma area as early as Wednesday . But these forecasts are for weather systems that are capable of producing tornadoes , not predictions of where a specific tornado may hit . Advances in technology and science are continuously improving forecasts . "  As computers have gotten more powerful , the models have gotten better , " said Adam Sobel , a professor of atmospheric science at Columbia University in New York . Computers use the laws of physics and mathematics to make predictions based on simulations of the atmosphere that are represented on a grid . Opinion : How can we be safe from tornadoes ? Just like pixels on the digital cameras have become smaller and smaller , the grid that these computers use has gotten smaller , allowing for more precise forecasts , Sobel said . But tornadoes are so small , relatively , that they are still too small for the models to see . The increased power of these computers have made it easier to spot storms systems that could spawn tornadoes . New research may increase the window of prediction from the current seven or eight days to 10 to 12 days before the event , Sobel said . NOAA is also working with several institutions to increase warning lead times for tornadoes and other severe weather . Known as "  warn-on-forecasts , " the new methodology would issue warnings based on forecasts rather than observations , said Jeff Trapp , a professor of atmospheric science at Purdue University in Indiana . The new method is promising , he said , but it is still at an experimental stage . It might allow forecasters to provide cones of uncertainty for a tornado , similar to those used to predict where hurricanes are headed . These warnings for tornadoes could come one to six hours before the tornado , as opposed to the current 15 - to 30-minute warnings , Trapp said . Another innovation with the new research could result in forecasters providing the strength of a tornado at the time it is formed , instead of after the fact , as is currently the case . Residents may react differently if they know the intensity of the tornado heading toward them . The challenge , Trapp said , is the same one that all forecasters face : A forecast depends on the data available . Deadliest U.S. tornadoes on record	Residents of Moore had time to prepare for tornado , but can more be done ? Forecasters can predict tornado-worthy storms up to eight days in advance New technology could yield more warning , "  cones of uncertainty " like with hurricanes
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- All charges against George Obama , half-brother to U.S. President Barack Obama , have been dropped after his arrest in a drug raid , according to police in Kenya . George Obama was arrested in Kenya on suspicion of marijuana possession , according to police . He was released on Saturday hours later , police added . Obama was arrested in a Nairobi slum , and he was picked up with people who possessed marijuana , said police spokesman Eric Kiraithe . "  Being found with people who are in possession of cannabis is a petty offense , " Kiraithe said . Earlier , police had told CNN that Obama had been arrested for possessing cannabis and resisting arrest , which can carry a sentence of up to a year in jail or hefty fines . "  Police in Kenya do not look at criminals in light of associations with relatives , " Kiraithe said . Obama and the president barely know each other , though they have met . George Obama was one of the few people closely related to the president who did not attend the inauguration in Washington . In his memoir , "  Dreams from My Father , " Barack Obama describes meeting George as a "  painful affair . " His trip to Kenya meant meeting family he had never known . CNN tracked down George Obama in August 2008 and found him at a small house in Huruma , a Nairobi slum , where he lives with his mother 's extended family . His birth certificate shows he is Barack Obama 's half brother . The two men share the same Kenyan father . In the memoir , Barack Obama struggles to reconcile with his father after he left him and his mother when he was a child . Barack Obama Sr. died in a car accident when George was 6 months old . And like his half brother , George hardly knew his father . George was his father 's last child and had not been aware of his famous half brother until he rose to prominence in the Democratic primaries last year . Unlike his grandmother in Kogela , in western Kenya , George Obama received little attention from the media until reports about him surfaced in August 2008 . The reports sprung from an Italian Vanity Fair article saying George Obama lived in a shack and was "  earning less than a dollar a day . " The reports left George Obama angry . "  I was brought up well . I live well even now , " he said . "  The magazines , they have exaggerated everything . "  I think I kind of like it here . There are some challenges , but maybe it is just like where you come from , there are the same challenges , " Obama said . Obama , who is in his mid-20s , said at the time that he was learning to become a mechanic and was active in youth groups in Huruma . He said he tries to help the community as much as he can .	Police : "  Being found with people ... in possession of cannabis is a petty offense " Police earlier told CNN Obama was arrested for having cannabis , resisting arrest Obama is U.S. president 's half-brother He is in his mid-20s
Washington  CNN  -- If nothing else , the latest ISIS act of barbarism brought a quick political consensus , and added pressure on President Barack Obama : Caution in the face of repugnant horror just wo n't do . The president responded Wednesday in his first public remarks since the beheading of journalist Steven Sotloff . He promised results while pleading for time to deal with Islamic terrorists in Iraq and Syria . "  Our objective is clear : That is to degrade and destroy ISIL so it 's no longer a threat , " Obama said during a news conference in his trip to Estonia . "  It 's going to take some time , it 's going to take some effort , " he said . His comments came the day after lawmakers from both sides of the aisle called for action . "  We must use every tool at our disposal , short of introducing ground forces in combat roles , to put an end to the threat they pose to our national security , " Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen of New Hampshire said in a statement Tuesday . Florida GOP Sen. Marco Rubio , rarely on the same page as Shaheen , also called on Obama to respond , and quickly . "  There is no disease that becomes easier to treat the longer you wait , " Rubio said . But whether increased bipartisan pressure will translate into a dramatically new and bolder administration approach is an open question . "  He is not going to plunge America into another trillion-dollar social science project because two American journalists have been killed , no matter how horrific it is , " said longtime State Department hand Aaron David Miller , now a scholar at the Wilson Center . ISIS video shows beheading of American journalist Still , given the second barbaric beheading in a few weeks and the growing political calls for more decisive action , Miller said , "  You ca n't imagine him not responding in some way . " The rush of statements from politicians shared similar language calling for action and a better explanation of U.S. policy . ` Let there be no doubt , we must go after ISIS right away , " said Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida , the senior senator from the home state of American journalist Steven Sotloff . "  It is long overdue for the Obama administration to present to the Congress , the American people , and our allies around the world a comprehensive strategy to respond to the horrific threat ISIS poses , " moderate GOP Sen. Susan Collins said in a statement . What can the U.S. do against ISIS in Syria ? And Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , already among the Republicans suggesting Obama has been too timid in responding to the ISIS threat , said it was time to stop debating whether to use U.S. air power against ISIS leadership targets in Syria . "  Condemnation is not enough to deal with this scourge . It is time we act decisively , " Graham said . The GOP hawk said airpower had proven to be effective against ISIS targets on a limited basis in Iraq and said now : "  It 's a tactic that should be aggressively pursued both in Syria and Iraq . Mr. President , if you ca n't come up with a strategy , at least tell us what the goal is . " The timing also adds to the pressure on the President . ISIS released the video showing the purported murder of Sotloff as Obama traveled to Europe to attend a NATO summit , where responding to ISIS is a top agenda item . Miller sees sad irony in the fact that a president who made a name for himself in politics with innovative uses of social media to communicate "  is now forced to respond because of this cruel and savage use of it . " Obama ` cautious ' approach on ISIS is panned As the commander in chief traveled , a top State Department official urged patience even in the wake of the apparent Sotloff beheading . "  Obviously , ISIS is a very sophisticated organization , " Deputy Assistant Secretary of State Brett McGurk told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  You can not just go in militarily and start dropping bombs , and hope that it 's going to work out . You have to have a very sophisticated approach to this . " In the short term , veteran diplomats and intelligence experts acknowledge the pressure on the White House to respond with force will be intense , but they cautioned the menu of options might not be terribly appealing . "  I 'm not sure there is a one-off airstrike or small set of airstrikes that would achieve much right now , " Miller said . "  And I do n't think they are ready , in terms of identifying the targets , for a sustained and comprehensive set of strikes in Syria right now . " Why a strategy to fight ISIS in Syria will take time Given that the options are hardly appealing , Miller said the President 's often-criticized caution makes considerable policy sense . "  But his risk aversion is politically a disaster for him . " While mulling new military and diplomatic moves , Miller and others suggested a growing urgency for the president to set a speech or some other event to explain in detail the ISIS threat and his deliberations . "  It took 10 years to take down al Qaeda , " Miller said . "  Given some of the advantages ISIS has it will probably take 20 . He will be handing off to the next guy or woman who is going to have to continue the fight . But he has got to figure a way to lay out a strategy , and explain the generational aspect . That is something a president needs to do . " Apparent ISIS executioner : ` I 'm back , Obama '	The second video of an American beheaded by ISIS prompted fast calls for more action Members of Congress from both sides of the aisle urge President Obama to act quickly Experts say ISIS is a sophisticated organization and more robust action may be complicated Obama "  is now forced to respond because of this cruel and savage use " of social media , one expert says
CNN  -- A Polish court has ordered the detention of a man accused of holding his daughter captive for six years and repeatedly raping her , ultimately fathering two children with her . The accusations recall the case of Josef Fritzl , who kept his daughter captive for 24 years and fathered seven children . The man , whose name was not released , was arrested Monday , Polish national police said in a statement . The court on Tuesday ordered him jailed for three months pending a trial . The charges against him were not immediately known . Police said they arrested the man at the train station in Siedlce , a town between Warsaw and the border with Belarus . Police said they believed he was trying to escape abroad . The investigation began last week when the man 's 21-year-old daughter approached police in Siemiatycze , in eastern Poland , accompanied by her mother , police said . The daughter spent several hours talking with a policewoman , detailing her alleged ordeal over the past six years , police said . She described living through a "  hell " that involved rape , beatings , and being kept as a slave , police said . In 2005 , the woman said , she gave birth to a boy at a hospital in Wroclaw , in southwestern Poland , police said . Two years later , in 2007 , she gave birth to a boy at a hospital in Siemiatycze , in eastern Poland , also near the border with Belarus , police said . Both times , the woman told police , she left the baby in the hospital , a common practice in Poland when the mother wants to give her children up for adoption , police said . Police did not say how the daughter managed to escape her alleged ordeal or whether the mother was aware of what had gone on . Police themselves acknowledged many facts were still unclear . "  There are still a lot of questions to which answers have to be found , " the statement from the national police said . The case has drawn comparisons to the shocking incest case in Austria in which Josef Fritzl is accused of holding his daughter captive in an underground network of tiny rooms for 24 years . Fritzl repeatedly raped his daughter , Elisabeth , and fathered seven children with her , six of whom survived . All of the children were born in captivity . That case became public when Elisabeth 's oldest child , 19-year-old Kerstin , became ill and fell unconscious in April . Elisabeth persuaded her father to let her bring Kerstin to a hospital , where staff grew suspicious and called police , who opened an investigation and uncovered the abuse . Kerstin and her family are now recovering and slowly adapting to modern life , Austrian authorities have said . CNN 's Diana Magnay in Berlin and Antonia Mortensen in London contributed to this report .	Daughter accuses Polish man of holding her captive 6 years , fathering 2 sons Police detained 45-year-old man in eastern city of Siedlce Officers to conduct tests on boys to determine if the man is their father Recalls case of Austria 's Josef Fritzl , accused of holding daughter for 24 years
CNN  -- Step into any major urban center across Africa and you 'll have no problem accessing your favorite websites , catching the latest news online or sending your friends an e-mail . Step outside the city , however , and you 'll soon have to say goodbye to the world  wide web  . Read this : Africa 's new skyscraper cities Take for example Limpopo , a rural province in the northern part of South Africa , one of the country 's poorest regions . "  There is just no connectivity whatsoever , " says Mahlo Mokgalong , a professor at the University of Limpopo , located outside the city of Polokwane . "  From the area where I am , " explains Mokgalong , "  the nearest Internet cafÃ © will be 30 kilometers  away  -- there are even some people who travel 50 kilometers or so to get to the nearest Internet facility . " But all this could soon change . Limpopo has been selected by Microsoft for the latest trial of an initiative using white spaces technology -- the unused channels in the broadcast TV spectrum -- aiming to bring broadband with speeds of up to 2 Mb per second to under-served rural communities . The 12-month pilot project , which will become operational in October , will use the relatively new technology and solar-powered base stations to get five secondary schools in the province online -- all located within 10 kilometers of the university , which is used as the project 's hub . Mokgalong says the pilot will benefit both pupils and teachers . "  Their lives are going to be made easier , " he says . "  Some of the schools in the area have a shortage in terms of materials , " adds the professor . "  So it will definitely benefit the learners in those schools and expose them to computer usage . " Unused spectrum But what is this experimental technology and how does it work ? Put simply , TV white spaces refers to the unused frequencies that are lying idle following the migration of TV broadcast from analogue to digital -- previously , these were kept clear to avoid interference with neighboring channels . The low-signal frequencies , from around 400 megahertz to about 800 megahertz , can penetrate walls and other obstacles more easily than the traditional broadband technologies . They can also transfer data traveling longer distances before they need to be reboosted , up to 10 kilometers , which means that fewer towers or base stations are needed to cover a wider area . Read this : Can Africa unlock its solar potential ? All potential users need is a device with Wi-Fi capability , such as a mobile phone , a PC or a tablet , that will connect to a Wi-Fi access point that , in turn , is connected to a white space base station . Why Africa Microsoft , which has been researching TV white spaces for 12 years , has so far deployed the technology in a number of locations -- from the United States and Europe to emerging markets in Southeast Asia . But it 's Africa , a continent beset by connectivity and infrastructure challenges , where the company sees the biggest potential . The tech giant first brought white spaces to Africa last February when it launched a trial delivering broadband access to remote villages in Kenya 's Rift valley . This was followed by a second pilot in an urban environment in May , bringing wireless broadband access to students at the University of Dar es Salaam in Tanzania , before the launch of the third trial in South Africa . Read this : Teen plans ` hacker school ' in Kenya Fernando de Sousa , general manager of Microsoft 's Africa initiatives , says the continent is an ideal location for the deployment of white spaces . He cites a number of reasons . "  The first one is the distance ; the ability to cover ground with the least amount of effort , " says de Sousa . "  Think about it , with one tower , with one broadcast station , if you go 10 kilometers either direction you 're creating ... a very big patch of land which we 're essentially covering with one antenna . " This brings infrastructure costs significantly down , says de Sousa , something that is key in the efforts to speed up Internet adoption in Africa and help its economic development . "  We need to do an innovative approach to get people online , " he says . "  We can not follow traditional methods where perhaps the coverage increases by 1,000 yards every week or so -- we have to go much faster than that ... because of the very rapid growth of Africa 's workforce and the desperate need to get skills into the population . " Putting the technology to test Microsoft is not the only company rolling out white spaces projects in Africa . In late March , Google launched a similar pilot project bringing wireless broadband to 10 schools in Cape Town , South Africa . Read this : Why tech innovators are Africa 's future Microsoft says it plans to use its pilots , part of its 4Afrika Initiative , to convince governments to make the needed legal and regulatory changes that would allow for the deployment of the technology across the continent . But getting the many regulatory bodies on board could be a significant challenge for a wider roll out . Consultations over white space schemes in other countries have raised concerns that the technology could interfere with television broadcasts or services using similar frequencies , but Microsoft believes that will not be a problem . "  We 've arrived at a point where we 've not only improved the technology but also proved that there is no interference as television users continue to see and have the quality they desire , " says de Sousa . "  We 're also able to deliver what is a hugely valuable service because in Africa  lack of access  is probably the single biggest constraint to economic development , skills acquisition and jobs creation . " Excitement Mark Graham is director of research at the University of Oxford 's Internet Institute . While he welcomes the initiative to provide rural African schools with Internet access , he cautions that many schools have other needs . "  It 's great that they 're experimenting and trying this but other things need to be taken into account , " he says . "  For example , some schools might not have electricity , toilets , teachers , textbooks . Connecting people is a prerequisite for some of the things you might want to happen -- but the problem is when people think that 's enough . " De Sousa says Microsoft is now in discussions with governments , multilateral organizations and local service providers about rolling out white spaces in about 10 African countries . "  We 're now getting into the stage where the pilot stages are over and we 're starting to deploy commercially viable deployments , " he says . Back in Limpopo , Mokgalong says the schools ca n't wait for the project to begin . "  There is excitement , everyone is eagerly waiting to see how this is going to happen , " he says . "  If the pilot works then I 'm sure we will increase  the number of schools  , " adds Mokgalong . "  We 're looking at education for a start and I think later health will follow , business will follow -- everyone is looking to participate in in this . "	Microsoft trialing TV ` white spaces ' to bring broadband to rural Africa White spaces refers to unused frequencies in broadcast TV spectrum The company has already launched trials in Kenya and Tanzania Microsoft plans to roll out the technology to several other African countries
Mental Floss  -- Your mission , if you choose to accept it , is to seek out covert items at fast food chains around the country . Not all food items are always listed on restaurant menus . Be warned , this mission includes very real dangers such as hardening arteries and skyrocketing cholesterol . We 've compiled a list to get you started . 1 . If you 're at Starbucks and in need of just a little caffeine , do n't worry -- there 's a tiny option for you . It 's the Short size , and they do n't advertise it . It 's like a little baby cup of coffee . It also comes in handy when you 're scrounging for change and do n't have enough for a tall  not that that has ever happened to me  . 2 . It 's a good thing we do n't have Jamba Juice here in Iowa , because I would be all over candy-based smoothies . Because it 's considered a health-food chain , Jamba Juice does n't officially list these on their in-store menus , but the Web site Mighty Foods assures us that the secret flavors exist . The ones they confirmed with the company 's headquarters include Strawberry Shortcake , White Gummy Bear , PB&J , Various flavors of Starbursts , Fruity Pebbles , Push-Up Pops , and Skittles . Other tantalizing flavors that are rumored to exist : Chocolate Gummi Bear , Apple Pie , Sourpatch Kid , Tootsie Roll , and Now and Later . 3 . This one might be my favorite . At Fatburger , you can order a Hypocrite -- a veggie burger topped with crispy strips of bacon . 4 . Chipotle has a whole secret menu that is limited only by your imagination -- they have a store policy that says that if they have the item available , they will make it for you . Things that have been tested include nachos , quesadillas , taco salads and single tacos . Some stores are testing out quesadillas as a regular menu item , however , so maybe someday soon you wo n't need a super-secret handshake to order one . Mental Floss : 7 food promotions gone horribly wrong 5 . If you 're at Wendy 's and you 're really hungry -- like , three-patties-just-won ` t-cut-it hungry -- go ahead and order the Grand Slam , which is four patties stacked on a bun . This option is only available at select Wendy 's , and it 's also known as the Meat Cube . 6 . Several places , including McDonald 's and In-N-Out , will serve you the Neapolitan milkshake . It 's just what it sounds like -- chocolate , vanilla and strawberry shakes layered in a cup . 7 . In-N-Out Burger 's "  secret menu " is n't so secret these days -- in fact , they 've posted it on their Web site . But in case you 're not in the habit of surfing fast food Web sites , here 's the skinny on their rather un-skinny items : ordering something "  Animal Style " at In-N-Out means you 're going to get it with lettuce , tomato , a mustard-cooked beef patty , pickles , extra spread  it 's sort of Thousand-Islandy  and grilled onions . You can even get your fries Animal Style . Mental Floss : Why is it called "  Thousand Island " dressing ? "  Protein Style " is a burger wrapped in a lettuce leaf instead of a bun . A Grilled Cheese is two slices of American cheese , lettuce , tomato and spread on a bun  grilled onions if you so choose  . And you can get just about any combo of meat and cheese that you want if you order it like you 're ordering lumber : 3 × 3 gets you three beef patties and three slices of cheese , 4 × 4 gets you four of each , and so on . According to photos posted at SuperSizedMeals.com , one gluttonous patron requested and received a 100x100 at a Las Vegas store a few years ago . One item not listed on the Web site secret menu : the Flying Dutchman , which is two slices of cheese sandwiched between two patties , hold the bun . 8 . Feeling a little health-conscious at Popeye 's ? If you are , you really should have gone somewhere else . But there 's a little hope for you -- ordering "  naked chicken " will get you breading-free poultry . The word is that this is on the menu at some Popeye 's , but not all of them , although it is an option at all of them . 9 . Like Chipotle , Taco Bell will make you just about anything within reason as long as they have the ingredients for it . Since most of the food at Taco Bell is made out of the same basic items , that means you can probably ask for most discontinued items and get them . One "  secret , " though , is that they have a not-advertised green chili sauce at most locations , and apparently it 's excellent . 10 . Some Subways will still make you the popular pizza sub from the 1990s . Once the chain decided to make their focus healthy eating , the pizza sub disappeared from the menu in most places  the word is that Canadian and Mexican Subways still offer them on a regular basis  . But if you ask , lots of places will still make it for you . Be warned , though -- Jared would not approve of the nine slices of pepperoni and copious amounts of cheese slathered in marinara sauce . Mental Floss : Brief history of dubious dieting For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some fast food outlets have not-on-menu items you can get if you ask for them Fatburger 's Hypocrite is bacon-topped veggie burger ; Popeye 's offers naked chicken Some Subways will still make the popular pizza sub from the 1990s Wendy 's offers the Meat Cube ; McDonald 's has a Neapolitan milkshake
CNN  -- In court , the South Carolina neo-Nazi couple seemed remorseful for the 2013 murder of a sex offender , but they changed their tunes when their life sentences were handed down . "  Child molesters do not deserve to live , " Jeremy Moody said as he was led out of a Union County courthouse Tuesday wearing handcuffs and striped prison scrubs . "  Had to do it over again , I 'd kill more . " As his wife , Christine Moody , was placed into a police car for transport to prison , she added , "  I have no regrets . Killing that pedophile was the best day of my life . " The couple was charged in the murders of Charles Parker , 59 , and his wife , Gretchen , 51 , in July . The Moodys went to their Jonesville home pretending to have car trouble , entered the home and killed the couple , Union County Chief Deputy Perry Haney said at the time . Jeremy Moody , 31 , told police he killed the Parkers because Charles Parker was on the South Carolina sex offender registry , Haney said . He was convicted in 1991 of sexual assault on a child and again in 2003 of third-degree criminal sexual misconduct involving a 31-year-old woman , CNN affiliate WHNS reported , citing police and court records . Gretchen Parker was not a registered sex offender , Haney told CNN . The Parkers were found dead July 22 . They 'd been stabbed and shot with a .380 handgun , Haney said . Police used images from the Parkers ' home surveillance system to track down their killers , he said . Integral to identifying Jeremy Moody , police said , were his tattoos : In addition to the words "  white power " atop his bald head , he also has the word "  skinhead " tattooed almost ear to ear beneath his chin . In bond court , Christine Moody , 37 , called Charles Parker a "  demon , " and she and her husband claimed to be part of a white supremacist group called Crew 41 , WHNS reported . The pair pleaded guilty Tuesday to two counts of murder , two counts of kidnapping , two counts of possession of a firearm during a violent crime and first-degree burglary , the station said . Prior to their sentencing , both Moodys expressed remorse for their crimes , as Jeremy Moody told the court , "  Not a day goes by that I do n't regret the incident that happened , and I know that what I 've done is a sin . " Christine Moody also feigned contrition , reading from the Bible and saying , "  I truly believe God has forgiven Jeremy and I. I hope you do , too . " They told the court they suffered from mental problems and had a history of sexual abuse in their families . The Moodys ' defense attorney asked for 30-year sentences , WHNS reported . But Circuit Judge Lee Alford was n't buying it . "  I saw you smiling at each other in court , " he told them , handing down life sentences . And with that , so went the Moodys ' remorse . "  See you perverts later , " Jeremy Moody said as he was escorted out of the courtroom . "  That 's what child molesters get . " Outside the courthouse , Christine Moody told reporters that she and Jeremy have "  a love that will withstand " their life sentences , and if given the opportunity , they 'd kill Parker again . Reporters challenged her about her apparent change of heart : Was she lying when she told the court she had repented ? "  No , it 's not true . My lawyer made me say it , " she said . And did she have anything to say to Parkers ' families ? "  May they die also , " she said before officers placed her in the back of a squad car . Family members told WHNS they were pleased with the Moodys ' sentences and unsurprised by their vitriol . That does n't mean Charles Parker 's sister was happy about being taunted . "  It made me mad . They was laughing about what they did , took somebody 's life the way they did it , " Brenda Franklin told the station . "  Nobody should die like that . Nobody . "	Jeremy and Christine Moody got life in prison for the 2013 murder of a sex offender Couple feigned remorse in court but later told reporters they 'd commit murder again Judge hands down tough sentence after seeing them "  smiling at each other in court " Asked if she has words for victims ' families , Christine Moody says , "  May they die also "
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , has died following a bout with cancer , Obama and his sister , Maya Soetoro-Ng , said Monday . She was 86 . At a rally in Charlotte , North Carolina , Monday night , the Illinois senator said "  she has gone home and she died peacefully in her sleep with my sister at her side . " "  I 'm not going to talk about it long because it 's hard to talk about , " he added . Obama remembered her as "  one of those quiet heroes we have across America , who are n't famous ... but each and every day they work hard . They look after their families . They look after their children and their grandchildren . " In a statement released Monday afternoon , Obama and his sister said that Dunham was "  the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility . " Watch CNN contributors discuss Obama 's grandmother " "  She was the person who encouraged and allowed us to take chances . She was proud of her grandchildren and great-grandchildren and left this world with the knowledge that her impact on all of us was meaningful and enduring . Our debt to her is beyond measure . " Obama and Soetoro-Ng asked that donations be made for the search for a cure for cancer in lieu of flowers . A small private ceremony will be held "  at a later date . " Dunham passed away peacefully at her home shortly before midnight Sunday night  5 a.m. ET  , campaign spokeswoman Jen Psaki told CNN . She said Obama learned of her death around 8 a.m. Obama 's republican rival , Sen. John McCain , issued a statement Monday afternoon : "  We offer our deepest condolences to Barack Obama and his family as they grieve the loss of their beloved grandmother . Our thoughts and prayers go out to them as they remember and celebrate the life of someone who had such a profound impact in their lives . " The Democratic presidential candidate left the campaign trail on October 23 and flew to Honolulu , Hawaii , to spend the day with Dunham , whose health deteriorated after she suffered a broken hip . His wife , Michelle Obama , filled in for him at events in Columbus and Akron , Ohio , on October 24 . Obama said in an interview taped for that day 's "  Good Morning America " that Dunham had been "  inundated " with flowers and messages from strangers who read about her in Obama 's 1995 book , "  Dreams From My Father . " "  Maybe she is getting a sense of long-deserved recognition toward the end of her life , " he said . Watch Obama tell supporters that his grandmother was "  one of those quiet heroes " " The candidate resumed his campaign on October 25 . Obama has spoken often about his grandmother -- who helped raise him -- as an integral figure in his youth and how she struggled against the glass ceiling in her career . He and his family traveled to Hawaii in August to visit her . "  She 's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life , " he said in his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention . "  She poured everything she had into me . And although she can no longer travel , I know that she 's watching tonight , and that tonight is her night as well . " CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Obama 's grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , passes away Monday in Hawaii NEW : Obama tells a crowd in North Carolina : "  She has gone home " McCain says his "  thoughts and prayers go out " to Obama , family Obama left the campaign trail for two days in late October to visit her
CNN  -- Samsung and Apple were ordered Friday to stand off in court once again after a federal judge struck more than $ 450 million that a jury last August ordered Samsung to pay Apple . "  Some of the awards rested on impermissible legal theories , " U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh wrote in her ruling . The jury had awarded Apple more than $ 1 billion in damages total after finding Samsung had copied both the design and software features of the iPhone . The new "  trial on damages " affects the formula , and thus the amount , that Samsung must pay to Apple . It will focus on several Samsung products specifically , after Koh questioned the damages ordered because of them . They are the Galaxy Prevail , Gem , Indulge , Infuse 4G , Galaxy SII AT&T , Captivate , Continuum , Droid Charge , Epic 4G , Exhibit 4G , Galaxy Tab , Nexus S 4G , Replenish and Transform . Apple vs. Samsung : A peace treaty Just under $ 600 million of the earlier award to Apple involving other Samsung products still stands , according to Koh . Samsung , which recently logged record-breaking sales of its latest Galaxy phone , is locked in a tight race with Apple to see who will dominate the U.S. smartphone market . That rivalry has spilled out into court on multiple occasions . Last summer , a South Korean court found that both parties had infringed on each other 's patents , banning the sale of the iPhone 3GS , iPhone 4 , two iPad models and Samsung 's Galaxy S2 . Yet the damages ordered in that case paled compared to those at stake when the two tech giants faced off last year in a U.S. federal court in Northern California . Apple accused Samsung of copying the design of the iPhone and iPad , suing Samsung for $ 2.5 billion . Samsung countersued Apple for $ 519 million , also for patent infringement . Patent battle continues After sifting through 109 pages of jury instructions and their notes and memories from weeks of testimony , a nine-person jury found Samsung was guilty of "  willful " violations of a number of Apple 's patents and recommended that Apple get more than $ 1 billion in compensation . The jury did not recommend awarding Samsung any money in its counterclaims . "  This is a huge win for Apple , " Mark Lemley , a Stanford law professor , said then . The award "  is just large enough to make it the largest surviving patent verdict in history . " In December , Judge Koh issued a ruling denying Samsung 's request for a new trial based on the company 's claim the jury foreman , Velvin Hogan , was prejudiced against the company because he had been sued by Seagate , his former employer . Samsung became the largest investor in Seagate after selling a division to the hard-drive maker in 2011 .	A jury last August ordered Samsung to pay Apple pay more than $ 1 billion Jurors determined Samsung copied the iPhone 's design and software A judge now says over $ 450 million of that is based on "  impermissible legal theories " She orders a new trial on key aspects of the case ; $ 600 million of the award stands
Houston  CNN  -- Doctors at the Houston hospital where U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords was transferred said that while she remains in intensive care , she has surprised them with the progress she has already made . Giffords , 40 , who was shot in the head at a public event in Arizona on January 8 , was transferred Friday to Memorial Hermann-Texas Medical Center . It was thought the congresswoman would begin rehabilitation at The Institute for Rehabilitation and Research  TIRR  Memorial Hermann , but officials said she was taken instead to the hospital 's trauma center for evaluation and treatment . "  She 's not quite ready for rehabilitation yet , " Dr. Dong Kim of Memorial Hermann told CNN on Thursday . Kim would not elaborate , but on Friday , Dr. John Holcomb told reporters that Giffords has fluid on her brain . "  There 's a little fluid collection that the docs have put a drain into , around her brain , and that drain is still in place , " he said . "  With that drain in place , she ca n't leave the ICU . " He said Giffords will remain in the hospital while "  this drain business " is sorted out and doctors make sure no infection is developing . During that time , she will undergo rehabilitation in the intensive care unit , as she was at Tucson , Arizona 's University Medical Center . That rehabilitation was under way on Saturday , Dr. Gerard Francisco , the hospital 's medical director , told reporters . "  She 's doing very well , " he said . The exercises involve moving , sitting and standing , he said . "  We 're still in that phase of discovering what she can and can not do so we can come up with the best combination of therapy . " Giffords "  surprised us , " he said . "  She did not need as much assistance as we anticipated . " Doctors had said earlier that Giffords has been able to stand with assistance . "  She 's activating her muscles even more than what I had anticipated , " Francisco said . Giffords has a breathing tube in her neck and can not talk , but Francisco said he believes she is trying to communicate . She is very responsive to others , and follows commands . He said doctors were particularly encouraged by Giffords ' bringing her left leg , which was dangling off the side of the bed , up onto the bed . Giffords has good movement and muscle tone on her left side , he said , and some on her right side as well , although not as much as the left . She was shot in the left side of her brain , which controls her right side . Arizona doctors said Giffords ' transfer went flawlessly . Dr. Randall Friese of the UMC trauma center said that at some points as she traveled through the streets of Tucson , Giffords could hear applause from those who turned out to honor her . "  She responded very well to that , " he said , smiling and even tearing up a bit . "  It was very emotional . " Six people died in the shooting at a Tucson supermarket earlier this month , including a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl . A total of 19 people were shot . Giffords is the only one who remains hospitalized . Police said they believe suspect Jared Lee Loughner , 22 , targeted Giffords in the attack . Loughner is in custody and facing federal charges . Despite reaching a series of milestones , Giffords has a long road ahead , doctors have said . Once she enters rehabilitation , the process is expected to take four to six months . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this report	Doctor : Giffords "  does not need as much assistance as we had anticipated " She will remain in ICU while fluid is drained off her brain The rehabilitation process is expected to take 4 to 6 months
CNN  -- ISIS has released a new video of British hostage John Cantlie , this time showing him in the Syrian border city of Kobani . In a segment that lasts for more than five minutes , Cantlie argues that -- unlike Western media accounts of recent days -- Kobani is mostly under control of the terror group , which calls itself the Islamic state . He claims that ISIS fighters are mopping up , and that the all-out battle for the city is over . Kurdish forces in Syria have said the fight is far from finished , and that Iraqi Kurdish forces will soon be joining them . Kurdish forces and ISIS militants have been clashing in the key border city for more than a month . On Sunday , the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 800 people have been killed there since the fighting started . The video posted online Monday is the latest ISIS has released of Cantlie , who 's been held hostage for nearly two years . The British photojournalist , who also wrote several articles for major British newspapers , was kidnapped in November 2012 along with American journalist James Foley . In the first video of him released by the group last month , Cantlie made clear that he was forced to share a message from ISIS . The video released Monday portrays Cantlie as a reporter in the field describing Kobani . The hostage , dressed in black , appears close enough to the border to see Turkish flags in the background . "  It seemed almost like a standup that a CNN correspondent would do in a foreign city , " Peter Bergen , CNN national security analyst , said . "  It was designed to show that he 's relaxed , that what he 's saying is accurate . But clearly he 's under duress . " Philip Mudd , a former CIA counterterrorism official , described the video as "  purely a propaganda play . " Even though it purports to show the strength of ISIS , Mudd said the video actually reveals weakness . "  They 're watching the same media we watch and seeing that their push for Kobani is not going very well . This is a message to respond to what they view as Western media portraying them as losing in Kobani , " he said . "  They think they need to respond . " The video also includes images of the heavily damaged city , filmed by what a caption says is an ISIS drone . Based on references Cantlie makes in the video , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh says it appears to have been filmed about a week ago . In the video , Cantlie describes weapons from a U.S. airdrop that he says made their way into the hands of ISIS -- a claim the group also made last week . The airdrops were sent to help Kurdish forces fighting to defend the city . A U.S. official said last week that one of 28 bundles dropped in and around Kobani drifted away from its target zone . The U.S. military said it went back and blasted it . CNN 's Jennifer Deaton , Ivan Watson , Holly Yan and Wolf Blitzer contributed to this report .	NEW : Analyst : "  It was designed to show that he 's relaxed ... but clearly he 's under duress " In the video , British hostage John Cantlie says border town of Kobani is under ISIS control ISIS has released other videos showing Cantlie , a hostage for nearly two years
CNN  -- With their budgets teetering on bankruptcy , states are digging deep to find creative ways to ease their financial woes . If marijuana were legalized , it could become California 's No. 1 cash crop . Although fiscal year 2009 was grim for states , observers predict that 2010 will be even worse . "  The numbers that states are looking at in terms of their shortfalls is truly staggering . And all of this is happening in an environment where raising taxes is still pretty toxic , and it 's pretty explosive , " said Sujit CanagaRetna , a senior fiscal analyst for the Council of State Governments . Instead of raising taxes , states are putting taxes and fees on specific items and services as they try to decrease their budget gaps . "  You see this blizzard of fees popping up all over the country and in very unusual places , " CanagaRetna said . One of the more controversial ideas is to legalize the sale of marijuana , as proposed in a bill introduced in California 's state legislature by Democratic State Assemblyman Tom Ammiano this year . The bill proposed taxing pot by $ 50 per ounce . If legalized , marijuana could become California 's No. 1 cash crop , bringing in an estimated $ 1 billion a year in state taxes . The bill was shelved this session , but a revised version will probably be reintroduced . See budget woes , state-by-state " Last week , Oakland became the first U.S. city to tax proceeds on medical marijuana . Other California cities have discussed a similar tax . This year , lawmakers in Georgia turned not to pot but to poles as a possible source of additional revenue . Republican state Sen. Jack Murphy 's proposed "  pole tax " would have charged patrons of strip clubs a $ 5 entrance fee . The bill was not approved . Nineteen states have explored gambling-related proposals as ways balance their 2010 budgets , according to the National Council of State Legislatures . In Alabama , lawmakers considered bringing more bingo games to the state and legalizing slot machines , but the measure was not approved . Delaware 's Democratic Gov. Jack Markell signed legislation creating a sports lottery that legalizes single-game betting . Four professional sports leagues and the NCAA have filed a lawsuit over plans for the lottery , fearing that it threatens the integrity of the games . "  Basically , what we are dealing with is a larger issue here , which states have been grappling now for a few years , that is the shift in our economy away from manufacturing economy to a service-based economy , " CanagaRetna said . He noted that when sales tax does n't apply , states are n't able to capture the economic activity . Here are a few of the more interesting ways states are trying to conserve -- and create -- some extra funds : Can you be more creative than your state ? Leave your suggestions below .	States consider creative approaches to raise money Georgia lawmakers proposed $ 5 charge for patrons of gentlemen 's clubs Delaware approved sports lottery , but it 's getting pushback from pro leagues Larger issue is shift from manufacturing to service-based economy , analyst says
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistani soldiers and militants battled Saturday in the country 's vast tribal region , with more than a dozen insurgents killed in airstrikes , at least four soldiers slain in skirmishes and a key village seized by troops , the military said . A Pakistani soldier pictured during operations against militants in June . The fatalities come hours after Pakistani troops launched a massive ground offensive backed up by air power targeting the Taliban in South Waziristan , a refuge and a power base for insurgents operating in Pakistan and along the Pakistani-Afghan border . The highly anticipated offensive , which comes after a wave of suicide attacks in Pakistan , also has prompted the exodus of tens of thousands of civilians , the U.N. refugee agency said . One military official said Pakistani troops seized control of Kotkai , where Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud has lived with fellow commander Qari Hussein , the mastermind behind some of Pakistan 's deadliest suicide attacks . Watch how the offensive began " Another military official said the airstrikes from jet fighters and helicopter gunships targeted militant hideouts in Kotkai and the villages of Badar , Barwand and Khisur , all strongholds of the Taliban and their late leader Baitullah Mehsud . The official asked not to be identified because he is not authorized to speak to the media . There have been confrontations throughout the day between soldiers and militants . Along with the four slain soldiers , 12 have been wounded , the military said . Gen. Athar Abbas , the Pakistan military spokesman , said the ground offensive in South Waziristan was launched shortly after midnight after the military received clearance from the government . He said the region 's eight entry and exit points have been sealed by troops . Pakistani officials say that about 10,000 to 15,000 militants linked to the Taliban or to al Qaeda operate in South Waziristan , a harsh terrain familiar to militants but difficult for others to navigate . About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers have moved into the epicenter of Taliban activity in the region to counter their activities , officials said . Elsewhere in Pakistan 's tribal region , in the Mohmand Agency , at least eight militants and one soldier were killed Saturday when they exchanged gunfire near a military checkpoint , the military said . For months , the military had been targeting militant hideouts in South Waziristan and other hot spots in Pakistan 's tribal areas . This year , troops launched a large operation targeting militants in the Swat Valley , in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province . But despite these efforts , insurgents have continued to strike with relative impunity inside Pakistan , brazenly targeting government , police and security locations . The latest attack occurred Friday in the northern city of Peshawar , when a suicide car bomber detonated near a police station , killing 13 people , most of them civilians . The recent wave of deadly attacks has raised concerns about the ability of Pakistan 's security forces to maintain control . The attacks heightened internal and international pressure on the government to take swift and effective action . In a high-level meeting Friday , army chief Gen. Ashfaq Kayani "  gave a detailed briefing on the prevailing national security situation and its ramifications in the future , " according to a statement from the prime minister 's office . Those who attended the meeting condemned the recent attacks and "  agreed that these elements pose a serious threat to the sovereignty and integrity of the state , " the statement said . The attacks show "  once again that the militants in Pakistan threaten both Pakistan and the United States , " White House Deputy Press Secretary Bill Burton said . On Thursday , President Obama approved an additional $ 7.5 billion in assistance to Pakistan over the next five years .	NEW : Official says troops take village of Kotkai About 28,000 Pakistani soldiers move into epicenter of Taliban activity Up to 10,000 militants operating in South Waziristan , officials estimate Tens of thousands of civilians fleeing region , U.N. refugee agency says
CNN  -- English club Chelsea have complained to the Malaysian Football Association about alleged racist abuse of Israel captain Yossi Benayoun last week . The Premier League side said constant jeers directed at the 31-year-old midfielder during a pre-season match against a Malaysian XI were anti-Semitic . Malaysia , a mainly Muslim country , does not recognize the state of Israel . The Malaysian FA has yet to respond to the allegations . "  Such behavior is offensive , totally unacceptable and has no place in football , " said a statement on Chelsea 's website . Blog : Team spirit makes Uruguay a World Cup contender "  The club did not make representations at the time as it was initially unclear as to the nature of the abuse Yossi received , as several players from both teams experienced similar treatment , sometimes louder and longer . "  However , having taken time to consider the issue fully , it has become apparent that a formal complaint was necessary . "  Our stay in Malaysia was , on the whole , a very positive experience for all the team traveling on the pre-season tour . It is a shame , therefore , that the behavior of a minority of supporters is also a memory we take away . " The match in Kuala Lumpur on July 21 was watched by almost 85,000 spectators , with Chelsea winning 1-0 thanks to a second-half own-goal from the home team . The 2010-11 Premier League runners-up will conclude the pre-season tour against English rivals Aston Villa in Hong Kong 's Asia Trophy on July 30 , before another friendly away to Scottish champions Rangers on August 6 . New manager Andre Villas-Boas will face his first competitive match in charge when the domestic campaign begins with a trip to Stoke on August 14 .	Chelsea lodge complaint with Malaysian FA over abuse aimed at Yossi Benayoun The Israeli was constantly jeered during a pre-season match in Kuala Lumpur English club took a week to take action after reviewing the July 21 incident Malaysian FA has yet to respond to the Premier League team 's allegations
CNN  -- Two American tourists and their guide were kidnapped Friday in the Sinai region of Egypt , authorities said . Bedouin kidnappers want authorities to release a relative who is in detention in Alexandria on drug charges , said Gen. Ahmed Bakr , head of security in the North Sinai . Kidnappings and armed robberies have increased since a popular uprising ousted Egypt 's long-ruling dictator , Hosni Mubarak , last year . In February , two American tourists were kidnapped and soon released in the Sinai region . The same thing happened in June , when two American tourists were released about a day after being abducted . In the most recent incident , Bedouins stopped a tour bus en route to Taba and kidnapped the two tourists -- a man and a woman -- and their guide , Bakr said . Authorities were trying to negotiate with the kidnappers , he said .	Guide is among three people taken hostage from a tour bus in the Sinai region Security official says Bedouin kidnappers want release of a relative held on drug charges Kidnappings , robberies are up since longtime dictator Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year
Many observers point to Moscow 's close ties with Damascus going back to the 1950s as a reason for Russia now acting to defend the al-Assad regime in Syria against its many internal and external opponents . What has apparently been forgotten is that Moscow 's ties with Syria have been plagued by tensions and disagreements throughout this entire period . Underpinning the Moscow-Damascus relationship for over half a century now has been a common antipathy toward America , Israel , and the moderate Arab states . But they have also differed on many issues . When Soviet-Syrian relations first became close during the mid-1950s , Moscow seemed to hope the then-powerful Syrian Communist Party might at least share power with the virulently anti-Israeli and anti-Western Baath Party . But the Syrian Baathists feared the communists and agreed to the 1958 merger of their country with Egypt and even accepted the leadership of the latter 's ruler , Nasser , partly in order to get his help in suppressing the communists . After Nasser helped them do this successfully , he and the Syrian Baathists fell out , and Syria withdrew from their union  officially the United Arab Republic  in 1961 . Moscow restored ties with Damascus , but during the 1960s and early 1970s had much closer relations with Egypt , which had allowed the Soviet Union to build up military and naval facilities there . Soviet-Syrian relations improved after Nasser 's successor , Sadat , switched Egypt from being a Soviet ally to being an American one , and even made a separate peace with Israel . Moscow was also grateful to Syria for being one of the few Muslim states that did not condemn the USSR for invading and occupying Afghanistan . Nevertheless , Moscow and Damascus disagreed on several issues . Although the USSR supplied arms to Syria , Damascus complained that America supplied better ones to Israel , and that this allowed Israel to best Syria on the numerous occasions when their forces clashed . Moscow responded by saying there was nothing wrong with the quality of Soviet weapons ; it was the quality of the Syrian personnel operating them that was deficient . While it broke diplomatic relations with Israel during the June 1967 Arab-Israeli War , the Soviet Union at least recognized Israel 's right to exist . Syria , by contrast , did not . As a result , Syria did not cooperate even with Soviet-sponsored Arab-Israeli peace initiatives . In addition , Moscow was not pleased about Syria 's intervention in Lebanon 's long civil war beginning in the mid-1970 's . Moscow and Damascus often found themselves supporting different factions during it . Further , while Moscow  and many Western states  supported Iraq during the 1980-88 Iran-Iraq War , Syria -- practically alone among Arab states -- supported Iran . Syria was not happy with Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev for having improved relations with America , the West , the moderate Arab states , and even Israel . And while Russian relations with America and the West deteriorated during the Yeltsin era  1991-99  , this was also a period in which Russia was largely absent from the Middle East and thus did not provide much support for Syria . After Putin rose to power at the very end of 1999 , it soon became clear that he wanted to reassert Russia 's influence in the Middle East and elsewhere . Even so , Russian-Syrian relations did not improve for several years and were actually quite testy until 2005 . Putin was unhappy that Syria was unwilling to repay its Soviet era debt -- some $ 12-13 billion -- to Moscow . Damascus was unhappy about the improvement in Russian-Israeli relations that occurred under Putin , and about Russia 's refusal to sell advanced weapons that Syria wanted but Israel objected to it acquiring . Russian-Syrian relations , though , did improve in 2005 -- the year that Syria withdrew its forces from Lebanon in response to an amazing popular uprising in that country and possibly to Syrian fear of American intervention if it did not withdraw . Moscow and Damascus resolved the debt issue  very much in Syria 's favor  , Moscow began work to revitalize the use of naval facilities at the Syrian port of Tartus that the Soviet Navy had used during the late Cold War era , and the Russian oil firm , Tatneft , gained a foothold in the Syrian petroleum sector . While the West and the Arab League have condemned President Bashar al-Assad 's regime for its violent oppression of the popular unrest against it that arose in 2011 , Russia  along with China  has staunchly defended Damascus in the UN Security Council and elsewhere . Many of the previous Russian-Syrian differences , though , remain -- especially ones concerning Russia 's close relations with Israel and the inability of Syria to obtain certain Russian weapons systems . Should the al-Assad regime manage to crush its internal opponents and remain in power , it is doubtful that these ongoing Russian-Syrian differences will disappear . Moscow is not defending the al-Assad regime because it has been such a great Russian ally . What motivates the Kremlin instead is the fear that if the al-Assad regime falls , what comes next in Syria will be worse for Russia : either a pro-Western , democratic government that has no further need of Russia , or a radical , Islamist regime that is as anti-Russian as it is anti-Western . In either case , Russia would lose influence in Syria . And since Syria is the last country in the Middle East in which it has strong influence , this means Russia will lose influence in the Middle East as a whole . Compared to this prospect , it is not surprising that Moscow prefers to see the survival of the al-Assad regime despite how difficult and uncooperative a partner for Russia it has proven itself to be . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter .	Russia has maintained close ties with Syria since the 1950s Syria one of few states that did not condemn USSR for occupying Afghanistan Russia revitalized their naval facilities in Syrian port of Tartus in recent years Russia fears losing influence in its biggest Middle East ally if the al-Assad regime falls
New York  CNN  -- After more than 40 years in television , Regis Philbin is retiring from the small screen . Philbin , 79 , made the announcement Tuesday at the start of the long-running "  Live with Regis & Kelly . " "  This will be my last year on this show ... but there is a time , there is a time that everything needs to come to an end for certain people on camera , especially certain old people , " Philbin said . The show , now in its 23rd season in national syndication , began as a local morning show in New York in 1983 . Kathie Lee Gifford joined Philbin in 1985 on the show and it debuted three years later nationally as "  Live with Regis & Kathie Lee . " Gifford left the show in 2000 and Philbin was joined by current co-host Kelly Ripa in 2001 . A choked-up Ripa said Tuesday after Philbin 's announcement , "  I think I can only speak for America and all of us here when I say that it has been a pleasure and a privilege and a dream come true , and I wish I could do something to make you change your mind . " No indication was given as to who may co-host with Ripa following Philbin 's departure at the end of the year . "  It will never be the same , there 's only one Reg , " said Gifford , who now hosts the fourth hour of NBC 's "  Today " following her 15-year gig on "  Live . " Philbin has been plagued in recent years by health issues , including undergoing triple-bypass surgery in 2007 and a hip replacement in 2009 . In 2001 , he was awarded Daytime Emmys for Outstanding Game Show Host for "  Who Wants to be a Millionaire " and Outstanding Talk Show Host for "  Live . " Philbin got his start in show business as a page for "  The Tonight Show , " before hosting his own self-titled show out of San Diego from 1961-1965 . He served as Joey Bishop 's sidekick on "  The Joey Bishop Show " and took "  A.M. Los Angeles " from low ratings to No. 1 in its local market -- perhaps a preview to his success on daytime TV with "  Live . " Philbin was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2006 and was given the Daytime Emmy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008 . "  He 's an amazing guy , " Gifford said Tuesday of her former co-host . "  He is every man to so many people and nobody tells a story like Reg . " "  He 's going to be 80 this coming August and I think he just figures it 's time , " she added . Philbin and his wife , Joy , have been married for 40 years .	"  This will be my last year on this show , " he says on "  Live with Regis & Kelly " The show is in its 23rd season in national syndication Philbin , 79 , has had health issues in recent years "  There 's only one Reg , " says former co-host Kathie Lee Gifford
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Some of Zimbabwe 's children are "  wasting away " as political turmoil and economic crisis have caused a severe food shortage , according to a report from Save the Children . Children sleep in rough conditions on the border between Zimbabwe and South Africa . The number of acute child malnutrition cases has risen by almost two-thirds in the past year , the report from the UK-based agency said in its appeal to world donors for help . "  There is no excuse for failing to provide this food , " program director Lynn Walker said . "  The innocent people of Zimbabwe should not be made to suffer for a political situation that is out of their control . " Five million Zimbabweans -- out of a population of about 12 million -- are in need of food aid now , the report said . The group is appealing for 18,000 tons of food for next month . "  We have already been forced to reduce the rations of emergency food we are delivering because there is n't enough to go around , " the report said . "  If , as we fear , the food aid pipeline into Zimbabwe begins to fail in the new year the millions of people who rely on emergency food aid will suffer . " Zimbabwe is facing its worst economic and humanitarian crisis since its independence from Great Britain 28 years ago . There is an acute shortage of all essentials such as cash , fuel , medical drugs , electricity and food . President Robert Mugabe blames the crisis on the sanctions imposed on him and his cronies by the West for allegedly disregarding human rights . But Mugabe 's critics attribute the crisis to his economic policies . As the economy has faltered for almost a decade now , a cholera epidemic is raging , fueled by the collapse of health , sanitation and water services in Zimbabwe . The epidemic has claimed more than 1,100 lives and infected more than 20,000 people since its outbreak in August . Health experts have warned that the water-borne disease could infect more than 60,000 unless its spread is halted . The political crisis rose to a boil in this year when the opposition party claimed that it won the presidential election , but Mugabe 's government refused to recognize the result . Instead , the race was thrown to a runoff , which was boycotted by the opposition . Mugabe signed an agreement with the opposition in September to form a unity government , but a bitter dispute over the division of cabinet seats has prevented its formation . Inflation is so severe that the government was forced to print $ 10 billion currency notes last week , with each expected to buy just 20 loaves of bread .	Some Zimbabwean children "  wasting away " amid food shortage , aid group says Severe malnutrition cases rise two-thirds in year , Save the Children warns Almost half of 12 million Zimbabweans need food aid now , report says Country facing worst economic , humanitarian crisis since independence in 1980
CNET  -- Verizon Wireless smartphone customers use 25 percent more data than AT&T iPhone customers , thanks in large part to new Verizon 's new Android smartphones , a recent study indicates . Validas , a company that analyzes cell phone bills and usage for consumers and corporate customers , analyzed 20,000 consumer phone bills between January and May of 2010 and discovered that Verizon Wireless smartphone customers consume on average about 421 megabytes per month . Meanwhile , AT&T iPhone users consume roughly 25 percent less data , or about 338 megabytes per month . The full Validas report will be published on September 1 . The comparison between smartphone data usage on Verizon 's network and iPhone data usage on AT&T 's network is important to note , because iPhone users have typically been viewed as the heaviest data users in the entire mobile market . The fact that Verizon is seeing a major uptick in data usage in the past six months , largely due to new Android smartphones , could be a key predictor of wireless data usage patterns going forward . If the trends continue , Verizon could see an explosion in data usage . So far , Verizon 's network has n't faced any major hiccups due to the onslaught of new data traffic . This is in contrast to AT&T 's network , which , over the past three years since the iPhone was launched , has beencriticized for dropping calls and offering slower than expected data download speedson their iPhones in some parts of the country . "  Verizon 's network is holding up really well as it adds more data traffic , " said Ed Finegold , chief analytics officer for Validas . "  Verizon has always had a reputation for a solid network . And it looks like so far , it has been able to handle the additional traffic . " As Verizon continues to sell more Android devices , the carrier will likely put its network to the test even further . Smartphone data usage started exploding for Verizon when the company launched its first Android phones in the fourth quarter last year , Finegold said . With more Android devices coming on the market in the next few months , it 's likely that the volume of Android smartphones on Verizon 's network will increase . That said , the total number of cell phone customers -- including those using feature phones and smartphones -- using Verizon data services is much less than the number of customers using these services on AT&T 's network . For example , 71.2 percent of all AT&T cell phone subscribers , which includes users of smartphones like the iPhone as well as feature phones , use data services , while only 43 percent of all Verizon cell phone users subscribe to data services . Even though fewer Verizon cell phone subscribers are using data services , individually , they are consuming roughly the same amount of data each month as the average AT&T customer . AT&T cell phone subscribers , on average , consume 149.6 MB a month . The average Verizon cell phone subscriber consumes about 147.2 MB of data per month . When it comes to smartphones , usage patterns between AT&T and Verizon customers are also similar . But Verizon appears to have more power-users that fall in the midrange of data consumption . According to data analyzed by Validas , about half of AT&T 's iPhone customers use less than 200MB of data per month . And about 47 percent of their iPhone subscribers use between 200MB and 2GB of data with about 90 percent of those customers using less than 1GB of data per month . This means that about 2.5 percent of AT&T 's users consume more than 2GB of data per month . Hard-core data users Verizon Wireless smartphone subscribers have similar usage patterns to those on AT&T 's network . But where they differ is in the number of subscribers that are using between 500MB to 1GB per month of data . Verizon has twice as many of those customers than AT&T has , Finegold said . More than 11 percent of Verizon Wireless smartphone users fall into this category , versus just 5.6 percent of iPhone users . He speculates this difference is because Android users tend to be more hard-core data users , whereas the iPhone may be used more by casual users who like the phone because it 's cool . "  The iPhone makes much more of a lifestyle and social statement than an Android phone makes , " Finegold said . "  People interested in an Android are looking for horsepower . " In an effort to keep iPhone data usage in check so it does n't completely overwhelm its network , AT&T recently eliminated its all you-can-eat data plan . Instead the company offers two tiers of services . For $ 15 a month , new smartphone subscribers can get up to 200MB of data per month . And for $ 25 a month they can get 2GB of data . Verizon still offers its unlimited data plan . Company executives emphasized that point at the launch of the new Motorola Droid X earlier this summer . But executives have also said that Verizon will eventually move to a tiered pricing model . AT&T 's new pricing only affects a small number of customers . But if Verizon were to adopt the very same pricing model , more of its heavy data users on Android phones would likely be affected . According to the Validas report , a little more than 4 percent of Verizon 's smartphone users consume more than 2GB of data per month compared with only about 2.5 percent of AT&T 's iPhone customers . Validas ' analysis also clearly shows that heavy data users are primarily using AT&T and Verizon Wireless , while customers who tend to use less data , are subscribing to Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile USA . For example , about half of Sprint 's cell phone subscribers , including smartphone customers , use data on Sprint 's network . But the average usage is only about 133.4 MB a month . T-Mobile only has about 22.3 percent of its cell phone subscriber base subscribing to data , and those consumers are only using about 120MB of data per month . Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile want a bigger piece of the data action , which is why the companies have been investing in next-generation networks . Sprint is partnered with Clearwire , which is building its 4G network across the country using WiMax . Sprint recently launched the first WiMax-enabled phone that can switch between its 3G network and the 4G Clearwire network . Sales have been strong , but the company has suffered from component shortages making the devices hard to get . The Validas analysis does n't include the launch of this new phone , called the HTC Evo . So it will be interesting to note whether the launch of this device will significantly move the needle on data usage on Sprint 's network . Meanwhile , T-Mobile is also trying to strum up more data usage on its network by upgrading its network to the next generation of 3G technology called HSPA + . But even with faster network speeds in some markets , Sprint and T-Mobile still lack the comprehensive coverage that AT&T and Verizon offer . The biggest problem for Sprint and T-Mobile is putting the right devices in the hands of the most prolific data users . "  People who travel tend to be more mobile , and they also tend to be power users when it comes to mobile data , " Finegold said . "  They want to know that the coverage is there when they need it , and they 're generally more willing to pay for that . So they are definitely higher value customers . " © 2010 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	AT&T iPhone users consume 25 percent less data than Verizon Wireless customers iPhone users were typically viewed as the heaviest data users in the mobile market Verizon 's network has n't yet faced any major hiccups due to the onslaught of new traffic
CNN  -- With an unbroken chain of blockbuster hits under their belt -- including "  Toy Story , " "  Finding Nemo , " "  The Incredibles , " "  Cars " and many others -- the talented team of men and women who work for Pixar seem to have the Midas touch . An elderly balloon salesman uproots his house with the help of thousands of balloons in "  Up . " Their latest endeavor , "  Up , " follows the life of Carl Fredricksen , a balloon salesman who has recently lost the love of his life , Ellie . Now in his golden years , Carl decides it 's finally time to make Ellie 's lifelong wish come true -- to visit Paradise Falls in South America . He quickly becomes aware he has a stowaway : Russell , a young Wilderness Explorer who 's trying to earn one more merit badge . It 's the unusual form of transportation that Carl chooses that creates the backdrop for this week 's "  The Scene . " Watch the balloons take off " CNN traveled to Emeryville , California -- the site of the famous Pixar campus -- and sat down with actor Ed Asner , who lends his voice to Carl ; technical director Steve May ; and co-director Pete Docter to get behind The Scene . Ed Asner : Well , the first 10-15 minutes , that 's a grabber . Nobody can resist it . Steve May : Even though we have a cartoony world , you are trying to make the audience believe that the world and the characters exist . The biggest challenges were a flying house that flies underneath a big canopy of balloons . So , if we can kind of capture that on the computer and animate our balloons to look believable too , then the audience will believe that the house can fly . Pete Docter : There is an amazing group of computer scientists that really approach these things both as an artist but also as a scientist . May : You have thousands of balloons that all interact with each other , and all the balloons have strings , so this is a very complex animation problem . Docter : They think about the physics of the balloons . They bump into each other , they can turn wind up or down so they can dynamically move , and then you get the strings that attach those balloons to the house . It 's a fairly complex mathematical problem . We tried to make things more like a window you look into , opposed to things coming out at you . May : And then when Russell is on the front porch of the house and you look down and see how far down it is , the audience is scared . Docter : This one I really feel close to , and weirdly , even though it 's a film about a 70-year-old man who floats his house away , I feel it 's a really personal film .	"  Up " is latest Pixar animated film ; concerns an old man seeking adventure Key scene involves attaching balloons to his house , taking off into sky "  Up 's " makers say animators , programmers had to pay attention to physics and art
Devyani Khobragade , the Indian diplomat at the heart of a dispute that has strained ties between New Delhi and Washington , is on her way back to India from the United States , officials said . American authorities ' arrest and strip-search of Khobragade , the former Indian deputy consul general in New York , set off a storm of anger in India last month . U.S. prosecutors accuse her of lying in a visa application about how much she paid her housekeeper . She was indicted this week by a federal grand jury on one count of visa fraud and one count of making false statements . But the Indian government denied a request by the State Department to waive Khobragade 's diplomatic immunity so she can answer the charges , U.S. and Indian officials said . India said Friday that it had transferred her to the Ministry of External Affairs in New Delhi . "  At the time of her departure for India , Counsellor Khobragade reiterated her innocence on charges filed against her , " the ministry said in a statement . It was unclear when exactly she would arrive in India . Khobragade "  affirmed her determination to ensure that the episode would not leave a lasting impact on her family , in particular , her children , who are still in the United States , " the ministry said . Tensions have escalated between India and the United States over the December arrest and treatment of Khobragade , with New Delhi demanding Washington apologize and drop charges accusing her of lying on a visa application for her former housekeeper . Allegations denied Federal prosecutors allege Khobragade promised in the visa application under which her housekeeper moved from India to the United States to pay her at least $ 9.75 per hour , the minimum wage in New York , and to require she work no more than 40 hours per week . They allege that Khobragade then had the housekeeper , Sangeeta Richard , sign a second contract , which paid her less than $ 3.31 per hour and required that she work much longer hours . Khobragade 's lawyers have repeatedly said she is not guilty and is entitled to diplomatic immunity . "  She is pleased to be returning to her country , " her attorney Dan Arshack said Thursday . "  Her head is held high . " Khobragade "  did not make any false statements and she paid her domestic worker what she was entitled to be paid , " he said . Diplomatic status Arshack said Khobragade and her legal team were pleased that the State Department had done "  the right thing " Thursday by recognizing her diplomatic status . U.S. officials had previously said Khobragade was entitled to consular immunity , which is less broad than diplomatic immunity and covers only actions carried out under official duties . Khobragade was India 's deputy consul general for political , economic , commercial and women 's affairs . But after her arrest , Indian officials appointed her as counsellor at the country 's permanent mission to the United Nations in New York . Through that post , she was accorded "  the privileges and immunities of a diplomatic envoy , " the Indian Ministry of External Affairs said . Two senior U.S. officials said that the State Department had no choice but to grant Khobragande full diplomatic immunity once she was accredited to the United Nations because she did not pose a national security threat , which is the only reason for which , in very rare cases , immunity is denied . When India refused the U.S. request to waive the immunity so that she could face the charges against her , she had to leave the country , the officials said . Pressure from New Delhi India has expressed outrage over the arrest of Khobragade , who was handcuffed and strip-searched by federal agents on December 12 after a complaint filed by Richard . Secretary of State John Kerry expressed "  regret " about the situation last month , but stopped short of saying authorities had done anything wrong . U.S. law enforcement officials have said that Khobragade 's strip-search was standard procedure and that she received a number of privileges not usually accorded to defendants . Amid the uproar , Indian authorities removed concrete barriers from outside the U.S. Embassy and took away American diplomats ' identification cards . That was followed recently by an order that the United States shut down "  commercial activities " at a recreational facility at the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . The U.S. Embassy should halt the activities at the property by January 16 , an Indian external affairs official said Thursday . The property houses a bowling alley , swimming pool and gym . The multipurpose club in the embassy compound was used by nondiplomats , Indian officials said , accusing the U.S. of contravening an article of the Vienna Convention . Father 's anger Khobragade 's father supported India 's order that the U.S. Embassy shut down what it said were commercial activities on the mission 's premises . "  The charges against her are atrocious , and the treatment meted out to her inhuman , " Uttam Khobragade said Thursday . As the diplomatic fallout deepened , U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz delayed a trip to India that had been planned for next week . "  We have been in conversation with Indian counterparts about the dates , and we have agreed to hold the dialogue in the near future at a mutually convenient date , " an Energy Department official said . Human rights activists say India 's anger about the strip search misses the bigger issue . They say the mistreatment of domestic workers is a widespread and often overlooked problem worldwide . Officials from both nations have repeatedly said that they hope the issue does not undermine their relations .	Devyani Khobragade reiterated her innocence as she left the U.S. , India says She is "  pleased to be returning to her country , " her attorney says She has been indicted on federal counts of visa fraud and making false statements India 's deputy consul general in New York was strip-searched after her arrest
Quebec City  CNN  -- Prince William and his wife Catherine touched down in Prince Edward Island Sunday , winding down the fourth day of their Canadian tour . The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge had visited a center for troubled street youth and attended a "  Freedom of the City " ceremony at Quebec City Hall earlier in the day . They were met by cheering supporters at City Hall , where Prince William addressed the crowd in French . Nearby , a small but vocal group of anti-monarchy protesers gathered . The royal couple also visited Maison Dauphine , which provides assistance to troubled street youth in Quebec . They posed for pictures and seemed at ease as artists showed off their work . Prince William played a quick game of foosball . William and Catherine began their day with a bilingual morning prayer service aboard the HMCS Montreal , a naval ship , as the pair 's first official foreign trip as a married couple continued . They are expected to visit four provinces during their nine-day tour , which ends Friday . On Saturday evening , William and Catherine had arrived in Montreal to a small group of demonstrators -- carrying signs and chanting slogans -- who opposed the newlywed couple 's tour and the British monarchy they represent . Canada is part of the Commonwealth of Nations -- a loose association of nations that were once part of the British Empire . Earlier Saturday , William and Catherine wrapped up their last day in Ottawa by planting a tree and meeting with Canadian war veterans . The royal couple joined a long list of illustrious international visitors when they ceremonially planted a Canadian hemlock on the grounds of Rideau Hall . They then greeted veterans of conflicts and peacekeeping missions , including some who have served in Afghanistan , and representatives of the many British women who migrated to Canada to start a new life after World War II . Later on Saturday , the pair traveled to French-speaking Quebec province , where they toured a flagship Montreal hospital dedicated to the care of mothers and children . Canadian broadcaster CBC reports that Quebec 's relationship with the monarchy has often been strained , with the Queen met by booing protesters on a visit to the province in 1964 . Prince William and the duchess had received a largely warm welcome since arriving in Ottawa Thursday . They had joined a crowd of almost 300,000 Canadians Friday to mark the celebration of Canada Day , on the 144th anniversary of the country 's independence . The couple 's itinerary also includes stops in the Northwest Territories and Alberta . After they wrap up their Canadian tour , the duke and duchess will head to California for three days .	NEW : Prince William and his wife Catherine arrive in Prince Edward Island They attended a "  Freedom of the City " ceremony at Quebec City Hall earlier The duke and duchess get a largely warm response during their tour of Canada Some demonstrators oppose their visit and the British monarchy
CNN  -- A car bomb exploded on a busy shopping street in the Northern Ireland town of Omagh 10 years ago Friday -- the single deadliest attack in the 30-year conflict between Roman Catholics and Protestants . A memorial has been built for the 29 people killed and 300 injured in the Omagh bombing . The blast killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins , and wounded more than 300 . It occurred at the tail-end of the bloody period known as the Troubles , which lasted from the late 1960s to late 1990s . It was also four months after the signing of the Good Friday peace accord -- which ushered in a new era in the region despite the continuation of some fighting . The 500-pound bomb struck on a busy summer Saturday when people were out shopping on the main street in the market town . The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location for the bomb , leading authorities to evacuate people from the center of town to the end of the street , right where the bomb went off . Watch a family remember child killed in bombing " Local authorities plan a 45-minute service Friday with prayers and singing to commemorate the anniversary . They plan a moment of silence at 3:10 p.m.  10:10 a.m. ET  , the time the bomb exploded on August 15 , 1998 . "  All I can remember is going up . I went up and I came down and I hit something very , very hard , " says Doreen Preston , who lost her right leg and two fingers of her right hand in the bombing . "  A soldier told me I hit the footpath . But as far as I was concerned , I thought I hit a telegraph pole 'cause all I could see was sparks and -LSB- the -RSB- smell of rubber . " Preston was working at Watterson 's , a drapery and linen shop on the high street along with her best friend , Veda Short . They had worked together at the shop for 26 years , along with friends Geraldine Breslin and Anne McCombe . As police evacuated people from the area , the women were herded along with others to the spot where the bomb went off . Preston was the only one of the women to survive . "  I looked down and I could see Anne 's skirt , and I thought , ` Oh , poor Anne 's been injured , too , ' " Preston said . "  I thought , ` Where 's the rest of the girls ? ' And they were n't -- I could n't see anybody . " Preston spent more than four months in the hospital , at times so close to death that she planned the hymns for her own funeral , Preston said . She described anguish at learning her friends were killed . "  I miss them terribly , " Preston said . "  Veda was like a sister to me . " The Real IRA , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibility for the bombing . The Real IRA opposed the peace plan , which had the cooperation of the mainstream IRA , or Irish Republican Army . Only one man , Colm Murphy , was ever convicted in the bombing , but his conviction for plotting the attack was overturned and a retrial is pending . A second man , Sean Hoey , was brought to trial , but a judge ruled last December there was not enough evidence to convict him . Families of the victims have said they are angry that so many people who must have had a part in the bombing -- from the scouts and plotters to the bombmakers -- are still free . Watch a survivor tell her story " "  I think there is a lot more information , " said Michael Gallagher , whose 19-year-old son Aiden was killed in the bombing . "  I think the intelligence services have not fully cooperated with the investigation . " Survivors have waged their own fight to get over the physical and emotional scars from that day . "  My father said , and I do believe his words , there 's a time for you to be born into this world and a time for you to be taken out of it , " said Preston , who has wondered why she was spared . "  That 's quite true , 'cause it 's -LSB- been -RSB- proved . 'Cause all those people round me were all taken and I was saved . But in saying that , it was a hard fight , a very hard fight . "	Omagh bombing killed 29 people , including a woman pregnant with twins The attackers called in a bomb threat but gave police the wrong location Real IRA , a dissident republican paramilitary group , claimed responsibility
CNN  -- Guinea equaled the record for a winning margin in an Africa Cup of Nations match on Saturday with a 6-1 over 10-man Botswana in Franceville . Sadio Diallo opened the scoring in the 15th minute when he coverted a Abdoul Camara cross . Dipsy Selolwane equalized for Botswana scoring at the second attempt from a penalty in the 23rd minute after Jerome Ramatlhakwana was brought down by Guinea goalkeeper Naby Yattara . But parity did n't last long as Diallo scored his second four minutes later to put Guinea back in front . Camara extended the lead in the 42nd minute and Ibrahima Traore made it 4-1 in first half injury time . The Stuttgart winger scored from a free kick which saw Botswana substitute Patrick Motsepe sent off for a foul on Feindouno . Guinea saw more chances come and go in the second half before Mamadou Bah made it 5-1 in the 84th minute with Naby Soumah completing the rout two minutes later . In Group D 's other match , Ghana beat Mali 2-0 . Asamoah Gyan opened the scoring from a free kick in the 63rd minute with Ayew doubling the Black Stars ' lead 13 minutes later . Saturday 's results means the 2010 World Cup quarter-finalists sit at the top of the group with six points from their two games while Guinea and Mali both have three points . Although bottom-placed Botswana have no points they still have a mathematical chance of qualifying for the knockout stages . All will be decided on Wednesday February 1 when Mali take on Botswana in Libreville and Ghana face Guinea in Franceville .	Guinea keep Africa Cup of Nations hopes alive with 6-1 thrashing of Botswana Ghana beat Mali 2-0 to maintain 100 % record All to play for in final round of matches with even pointless Botswana able to qualify for knockout stages
The Marine Corps is working to determine the authenticity of photos published by TMZ.com that purport to show Marines burning the bodies of what appear to be Iraqi insurgents . The celebrity and gossip website said it has 41 photographs believed shot in Falluja in 2004 . It published eight on Wednesday , saying the rest of the images were too graphic . "  The actions depicted in these photos are not what we expect from our service members , nor do they represent the honorable and professional service of the more than 2.5 million Americans who have served in Iraq and Afghanistan , " the Defense Department said . "  The Marine Corps is currently investigating the veracity of these photos , circumstances involved , and if possible , the identities of the service members involved . The findings from this investigation will determine whether we are able to move forward with any investigation into possible wrongdoing . " Among the published photographs , a person in a Marine uniform appears to be pouring gasoline or some other flammable liquid on the bodies of insurgents . The remains are shown ablaze , and then charred . Islamic custom strictly forbids cremation . In another photograph , a Marine poses for the camera next to a human skull . "  There are well over a dozen bodies in the pics and some are covered with flies and one is being eaten by a dog , " TMZ.com reported . It said it turned the photographs over to the Pentagon last week and that U.S. Central Command had reviewed them to see whether they had previously been brought to its attention . They had not . During the Iraq war , Falluja was the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents . The battles were among the worst Marines had seen since Vietnam , said former Marine Capt. Jonathan Rue . "  This looks really bad , but we do n't know exactly what was happening , and we do n't know what the circumstances were . Nor do we know exactly who was in those photos , " he said . If the images prove authentic , it would n't be the first time Marines have come under fire for the treatment of enemy bodies . In July 2011 , Marines urinated on dead Taliban fighters and posed for photographs with the corpses in Helmand Province , Afghanistan . The incident did not come to light publicly until January of the following year , when a 39-second video showing the desecration was posted on the Internet . The video inflamed tensions over the U.S. presence in Afghanistan . "  People in battlefield situations do very strange and reprehensible things , and maybe that 's simply part of life , and that 's why you need to have a military justice system that can punish people and hopefully discourage this kind of conduct in the future , " said Eugene Fidell , with Yale Law School , in response to the recently-published photographs . "  That is n't going to be an answer however to people in Iraq , who are likely to be very infuriated by this . " Moderates hard to find as ` bad old days ' return in Baghdad Source : Missing U.S. soldier Bowe Bergdahl seen in video	Islamic custom strictly forbids cremation TMZ.com publishes images that purport to show Marines burning human remains The gossip website says the photographs were shot in Falluja in 2004 Falluja was the site of some of the bloodiest fighting between U.S. forces and insurgents
Washington  CNN  -- To Republicans , President Barack Obama is a gift that keeps on giving when it comes to campaign fodder to use against Democrats . A line from Obama 's economic speech on Thursday is giving Republicans more material to continue slamming their opponents as Obama surrogates . That tactic has been key to Republicans ' midterm strategy this cycle , at a time when a majority of Americans -- 52 % according to the latest CNN/ORC poll -- disapprove of the President 's job . "  I am not on the ballot this fall , " Obama said at Northwestern University on Thursday . "  But make no mistake : these policies are on the ballot . Every single one of them . " Rep. Cory Gardner , the Republican nominee for Senate in Colorado , already played up the line during an interview Friday . "  Well I think the President himself yesterday stated that his policies are going to be on the ballot , " he said . "  Those failed policies are what the people of Colorado are facing and voting on . " And Republicans in three key states for control of the Senate have already jumped on those words in videos that made it online less than 24 hours after Obama spoke . Kentucky When it comes to Democratic candidates setting up a sharp divide with Obama , Kentucky candidate Alison Lundergan Grimes has been one of the most visible , even pointing out in a recent ad , by saying "  I 'm not Barack Obama . " But Sen. Mitch McConnell 's ad released Friday looks to paint a different picture : "  Alison Grimes says this election is not about her support for Barack Obama and his failed policies , " the ad 's narrator says , before playing the clip of Grimes stating she 's not the President . "  But Obama himself says a vote for Alison is a vote for his policies . " Kansas Sen. Pat Roberts ' campaign also pounced on Obama 's comments -- even giving its take on the national backdrop to the president 's policies . "  Trillions in new debt . Obamacare . Nearly 10 million Americans unemployed , " the Roberts ' ad 's narrator says . The ad cuts to Obama 's quote from Thursday , and then ties him to independent candidate Greg Orman , painting him as a Democrat . "  A vote for Greg Orman is a vote for the Obama agenda , " flashes across the screen before the ad fades out . New Hampshire Republican Scott Brown 's campaign follows a similar formula in attacking Sen. Jeanne Shaheen . "  He 's not up for reelection , I know you 're shocked to hear that , " Brown quipped at a campaign event that opens his latest ad . "  But his number one foot soldier Senator Shaheen is . " The final words of the ad : "  Send a message to Obama . Vote no on Shaheen . "	In Kentucky , Kansas and New Hampshire , GOP Senate candidates are playing up the President 's quote . The quote comes from a speech Obama gave in Chicago on Thursday . Some Democrats in red states have tried to distance themselves from Obama .
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British military officials on Sunday said Prince William had not breached any rules when he used a Royal Air Force helicopter to drop in at his girlfriend 's house . Chinhook helicopters are normally used for transporting troops and equipment in war zones . The prince , second in line to the throne , landed a Chinook helicopter -- normally used for transporting troops -- in a field next to the home of Kate Middleton , according to the News of the World tabloid . The paper said the trip had caused fury among some in the military who saw it as a waste of time and money at a time when British forces are thinly-stretched , fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan . The Ministry of Defense said the maneuver was part of a planned training exercise designed to help the prince learn to fly in combat situations . "  Battlefield helicopter crews routinely practice landing in fields and confined spaces away from their airfields as a vital part of their training for operations , " a statement said . "  These highly honed skills are used daily in conflict zones such as Iraq and Afghanistan . " The Ministry said that due to a shortage of landing fields available for practice , an offer to land near the Middleton house on April 3 was readily accepted . It said no one got on or off the aircraft , which spent 20 seconds on the ground . Britain 's air forces have already come under criticism for allowing William , 25 , to fly a Chinook to attend a bachelor party , accompanied by his brother , Prince Harry . William , a second lieutenant in the British Army , graduated as a pilot earlier this month following a detachment to the Royal Air Force . E-mail to a friend	Prince William drops in at girlfriend 's house using RAF Chinook Ministry of Defense says operation was standard training procedure Newspaper says the landing has angered some in the military
CNN  -- A man who killed his daughter , six grandchildren and then himself in a shooting in north-central Florida was a convicted felon and was n't allowed to possess the gun he used , police said Friday . Don Spirit , 51 , killed his daughter , Sarah Spirit , 28 , and her three sons and three daughters -- ages 3 months to 11 years -- at his home in Bell on Thursday afternoon before killing himself , Gilchrist County sheriff 's officials said . Investigators did n't yet know any motive for the murder-suicide , Sheriff Robert Schultz said Friday . The massacre came more than a decade after , according to media reports , Don Spirit was convicted of a felony in the fatal shooting of his son in a hunting accident . The shootings occurred only about an hour after some of the children returned home from Bell Elementary School , school district Superintendent Rob Rankin told reporters Friday . Four of Sarah Spirit 's children -- in grades K , 2 , 3 and 5 -- attended the school of about 540 children . Students struggled with news of their classmates ' deaths on Friday , Rankin said . "  It really hurt me this morning to be on our campus and seeing kids feeling the way they did this morning , " Rankin said . " ... It 's devastating to our schools , but we 're going to be strong through this . " A prayer vigil has been scheduled for 7:30 p.m. Sunday at the school , the sheriff 's office webpage said . Thursday 's killings Schultz said a deputy went to the home after Don Spirit called 911 around 4 p.m. . After the deputy arrived , Spirit killed himself . The deputy found the bodies of Sarah Spirit and the children inside the home . Police said they believe Spirit shot more than one person in the home , but declined to say whether all of the victims had been shot . Deputies had previously responded to calls from the home on numerous occasions , officials said . Spirit had a criminal history , Schultz said Thursday , without elaborating . Sheriff 's spokesman Lt. Jeff Manning said Friday that he did n't believe any of the calls were related to domestic violence . The sheriff said the news would devastate the county , which has about 17,000 residents . "  We 're all family here , " he said . Florida community reels after mom kills son , daughter , self Criminal record Don Spirit , as a convicted felon , was not allowed to have a gun , Manning said Friday . The sheriff 's office has n't said how Spirit obtained a gun or what kind of firearm he used . In 2003 , the Orlando Sentinel reported that Spirit was sentenced to three years in prison after he accidentally killed his son Kyle in a hunting accident two years prior . Spirit was charged in Osecola County with possession of a firearm by a convicted felon and pleaded guilty , the newspaper reported at the time . That charge is a second-degree felony . Florida criminal records show Spirit was released from prison in February 2006 . Court records show Spirit also was convicted in 1996 of possession of more than 20 grams of marijuana , a third-degree felony . Schultz declined to identify the father of the children , or whether all of the children had the same father . He said no one in the house survived Spirit 's rampage . Bell is about 30 miles west of Gainesville . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report .	Mother , her six children shot and killed inside residence in Bell , Florida Shooter calls 911 , then kills self after a deputy arrives Sheriff identifies killer as 51-year-old Don Spirit Don Spirit had spent time in prison , was released in 2006
CNN  -- Campaigning resumed in the French presidential election on Thursday following the violent death of shooting suspect Mohammed Merah following a police siege in Toulouse . Merah was wanted for the killings of three French paratroopers and of three children and a rabbi at a Jewish school in the city , in a string of shootings beginning March 11 that shook the nation . Merah had told French police he trained with al Qaeda in Pakistan , and he had planned to attack more soldiers and police , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said . He said he was acting alone , the prosecutor added . Most candidates in the election suspended campaigning following the most recent shooting in Toulouse , but normal politics resumed following the bloody end to the siege . How did candidates react to the crisis ? Most candidates called for national unity amid the national outpouring of grief for the victims . President Nicolas Sarkozy , who is running for a second term , visited Toulouse and offered his sympathies to bereaved families . Other candidates even flew to the city on the same plane to show their respects . Sarkozy 's main rival , Socialist Party candidate Francois Hollande , suspended his campaign "  to honor the memories " of the victims . Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen initially cancelled campaign events , saying politics must be suspended "  as a sign of compassion and solidarity . " Did the mood of unity hold ? In a word , no . Le Pen , who is running in third place in opinion polls , was the first to break ranks with this rare outbreak of political consensus , CNN 's Jim Bittermann noted . The National Front leader said "  The danger of fundamentalism has been under-estimated in our country . " This sparked an angry response from far-left challenger Jean-Luc Melenchon , who accused the National Front of being "  vultures " feeding at the scene of crimes . Centrist candidate Francois Bayrou accused the extreme right of trying to "  surf " to power on the back of the attacks . Bayrou , currently in fourth place , refused to suspend his campaign during the hunt for the attackers , and criticized rivals for their anti-immigrant comments , which he said may have provoked the suspect into action . Other candidates said it was impossible to make this link . Was race an issue before the attacks ? Along with the economic crisis , immigration and race have been prevalent themes in the campaign for the presidential election , the first round of which takes place next month . Sarkozy declared this month there were "  too many foreigners " in France , while Le Pen has criticized the production of Islamic halal meat in Paris . Political analyst Simon Persico , from the Center of European Studies in Paris , said Sarkozy won the 2007 election by being right-wing , and taking a strong stance on race , but had found it difficult to maintain this stance while in power . "  In this election , Le Pen is saying the original is better than the copy , and that voters should not believe Sarkozy on race , " he told CNN . "  Whichever viewpoint is true though , the president has a record of five years of creating conflict , and while he may say he was right to raise the issue of the growth of Islamic fundamentalists in France , maybe now is the time to appease tensions on race . " How do the public view Sarkozy 's handling of the crisis ? The president , who had been lagging behind Hollande for most of the campaign , seems to have received an initial political boost from the tragedy , said political commentator Christian Malard , senior analyst for France 3 TV . "  Sarkozy is observed by many people to have been acting well and decisively during the crisis , " he said . But the socialists were asking why it took more than 30 hours to kill Merah -- and how he could kill so many people while he was under surveillance by security services . "  Sarkozy must tread warily : a year ago he oversaw the ban on Islamic veils in public but he is aware there are six million Muslims in France , half of them from North African former colonies , and he is careful to say few of them are radical . "  So if Sarkozy is to beat Hollande he must win over the electorate of both the center , and the far-right of Le Pen . He needs all the people . " The crisis could yet have a negative effect on Sarkozy though , with the far-right saying that the government had failed to protect French people from Islamic fundamentalists . Thierry Arnaud , senior political correspondent for BFM TV , said that while Sarkozy had benefited from appearing statesmanlike in recent weeks it remained to be seen what long-term advantage he would gain . "  He is certainly anxious to resume campaigning " to create momentum , Arnaud noted . What impact will the attacks have on campaigning ? Many voters are keen for the political rhetoric to cool and the focus to turn to more mundane matters . The state of the economy and unemployment , especially among the young and ethnic minorities , remains the main concern for most voters . For this reason , as Persico noted , Sarkozy may be keen to keep the focus on security and the Toulouse attacks -- issues on which he looks strong . Before the crisis , Hollande was ahead in the polls thanks to a strong showing on economic issues , Malard said but added that even on this issue the president was gaining ground . "  Lots of people are telling me that between Hollande and Sarkozy , ` we might switch our votes to Sarkozy . ' "  This debate between Sarkozy and Hollande is turning into a battle between two heavyweight fighters , but amid the storm of the economic crisis and world upheavals a lot of people are coming back to Sarkozy . "	Campaigning resumed in the French presidential election on Thursday following the death of Mohammed Merah Most candidates in the election suspended campaigning following the most recent shooting in Toulouse Normal politics resumed following the bloody end to the siege Most candidates called for national unity amid the national outpouring of grief for the victims
EW.com  -- Big Red is headed to the big screen . The girl with the flaming curls  and not-so-flattering nickname  from "  Eleanor & Park " will soon be getting the cinematic treatment , with DreamWorks Studios picking up film rights to Rainbow Rowell 's best-selling novel . "  Every girl who has read it says , ` That was me in high school , or that was me in seventh grade , ' " Holly Bario , DreamWorks president of production , tells EW . "  It reminded all of us of our own sort of awkwardness , or family dysfunction . " The studio was drawn to the teenage love story for the same reason as its legions of fans . "  It 's not the typical story where the ugly duckling is in love with the hot guy , " Bario says . "  They 're both trying to find their way . They 're both outcasts . " The best summer blockbusters ever Set in 1986 , and following one school year in Omaha , the novel follows the tentative romance of two 16-year-olds : Eleanor , a somewhat heavy girl overwhelmed by insecurities and trying to survive an abusive household , and Park , the quiet , half-Korean kid who also does n't feel like he fits in but finds refuge in music and comic books . After its publication in February 2013 , the book spent 12 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list , and has inspired a passionate , devoted following . "  The book is uniquely structured in that one chapter is told by Eleanor and one chapter is told from Park 's perspective , and they alternate , " Bario points out . "  So we 're trying to figure out how to do that in a movie . There are all sorts of groovy stylistic things you could do with voice over , or words on the screen , but we want something that 's real Rainbow . " Matt Lauer and Al Roker to appear in ` Sharknado 2 ' With that in mind , Rowell -- who is repped by UTA â $ " has also been hired to write the screenplay . "  She 's in the middle of writing another book , so we 're patiently waiting for her , " Bario said . Already on board the project are producer Carla Hacken , who as a studio executive oversaw "  Walk the Line " and "  The Devil Wears Prada , " and executive producer Matt Kennedy  the upcoming "  Predestination . " Once the script is in , a director and cast will be attached . DreamWorks hopes to start shooting in 2015 . But fans do n't need to wait for that ... Who would YOU cast in the two main roles ? Better to go with unknowns , or find a pair of young actors already on the rise ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rainbow Rowell 's best-selling novel "  Eleanor & Park " is being made into a movie DreamWorks has acquired the movie rights The story of two teen outcasts who tentatively spark a romance excited the studio Rowell will also write the movie 's screenplay
CNN  -- One of two wildfires burning in Oklahoma City on Wednesday pushed north toward suburban Edmond , illuminating the windy night sky with spirals of flame and flying embers . The fire broke out Tuesday in the less densely populated northeast Oklahoma City and was moving in a northerly direction toward more largely residential , Edmond Fire Chief Tim Wheeler said . "  The winds have shifted a bit , " Wheeler said . "  It 's current path it 's going to travel through a heavily wooded area , which will allow the fire to grow in intensity . " He said it is hoped the fire can be stopped before it crosses Interstate 44 to the southeast of Edmond , but the department had already initiated its Code Red system , which autodials residents ' telephone numbers encouraging them to evacuate . About 380 residents were affected by the initial evacuation call , he said . "  It 's real difficult to fight a fire like this when it gets to all those trees , " Wheeler said . "  We ca n't get our rigs in . " He said that firefighters were getting support during the day from Oklahoma National Guard helicopters equipped with water buckets , "  but now that it 's dark , it 's up to the crews on the ground . " The northeast fire had claimed about 15 square miles since it broke out on Tuesday . Live aerial images from CNN Oklahoma City affiliate KOCO Wednesday night showed brilliant columns of flame bursting through tree canopies and threatening homes in a residential area . Oklahoma City Fire Chief Keith Bryant said firefighters had "  pretty much " contained the northeast fire on Wednesday before winds freshened and caused it to flare up anew . Meanwhile , a fire that started Wednesday afternoon in the southeast side of the city had destroyed two structures and caused some evacuations , he said . Bryant said that fire covered an area 1.5 miles long and a mile wide . KOCO reported that the evacuations from the southeast section covered a square-mile area . The fires forced closure of a 40-mile section of Interstate 44 between the capital city and Tulsa , according to Jack Damrill , a spokesperson with the Oklahoma Turnpike Authority . Bryant said that in the case of both fires , the evacuations have been targeted because the areas are not densely populated . He said the department 's resources have been stretched thin trying to fight the fires amid the high winds and tinder-dry conditions . Like neighboring Texas , nearly all of Oklahoma is suffering from a severe drought , with two-thirds under the most severe category , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln .	NEW : Fire moves north , threatening northern suburban city of Edmond NEW : Blaze is "  going to travel through a heavily wooded area , " fire chief says NEW : Edmond initiates robocalls urging evacuations in southern part of city Another fire breaks out in southeast Oklahoma City on Wednesday
CNN  -- The death toll from a massive landslide that struck in Washington state 's Cascade Mountains rose to 36 on Wednesday , the Snohomish County medical examiner said . Of those 36 bodies , 32 have been identified , county officials said . Ten people are still missing after a rain-saturated hillside along the Stillaguamish River gave way on the outskirts of the rural town of Oso on March 22 . President Barack Obama has announced he will visit the area on April 22 , the one month anniversary of the slide , and meet with search crews . Search crews have been digging through deep , gelatinous mud and debris , which is 70 feet thick in some places , to search for the missing .	32 of the 36 bodies have been identified , Snohomish County officials say 10 people are still missing President Barack Obama will visit the area on April 22 , the one-month anniversary
The militant group ISIS represents a "  very significant potential threat to homeland security , " and officials have a "  good sense " of the individuals from the United States who are trying to travel to Syria and fight with the terrorist group , the secretary of Homeland Security said Monday on CNN . "  They are a dangerous organization that has acquired territory in Iraq and Syria from which they could launch attacks , train , command and control , " Jeh Johnson said on "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  They 've demonstrated a depravity and a willingness to kill Americans because they are Americans , " he continued . "  So we 've got to take the fight to this organization . " His comments come as the group has released a new online video in which its leader specifically calls for lone wolf attacks in the United States and France -- two countries that have been conducting airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq . Western allies reject ISIS leader 's threats The group has beheaded two American journalists and a British aid worker . Separately on Monday , the French government said one of its citizens was abducted in a mountainous region of Algeria . A video claim of responsibility was later released by the Islamist militant group , Jund al-Khilafa fi Ard al-Jazaair , or Soldiers of the Caliphate in Algeria , whose leader recently pledged allegiance to ISIS . Johnson said Monday that ISIS "  represents a very , very dangerous organization and a very significant potential threat to homeland security . " Asked which group is a bigger threat -- Al Qaeda or ISIS -- Johnson said the United States should carefully watch both . "  We 've got to continue to keep our eye on all of this , " he said . "  We 're in an environment now where these groups are competing for recruits , for fundraising and probably attention . So I 'm focused on all of it . " The anatomy of ISIS : How the ` Islamic State ' is run At least 100 Americans have either left or attempted to leave to go to Syria and help ISIS , Johnson said . "  From various records and our capability to track the travel of these people through intelligence efforts , we have a reasonably good sense of who we 're interested in , who the individuals of suspicion are , " he added . "  There have been some arrests made already . And we 've got to stay focused on it . " Such "  foreign fighters " are a new concept for counterterrorism efforts , he continued . "  It 's not something , for example , that we faced in 2001 on 9/11 . This is a new phenomenon , " he said , adding that their social media capabilities are also a new tactic .	Jeh Johnson says ISIS is a "  very significant potential threat " to the homeland Johnson is the secretary of the Department of Homeland Security He says at least 100 Americans have tried to go fight with ISIS in Syria Officials have a "  reasonably good sense " of who those Americans are
London , England  CNN  -- Top British fashion designer Alexander McQueen , who dressed stars from Sarah Jessica Parker to Rihanna to Nicole Kidman in bold shapes and colors , was found dead in his home here Thursday , a spokesman for his company said . Though his reputation for controversy earned him the titles "  enfant terrible " and "  the hooligan of English fashion , " British Vogue Editor Alexandra Shulman said his work "  influenced a whole generation of designers . "  His brilliant imagination knew no bounds as he conjured up collection after collection of extraordinary designs . At one level he was a master of the fantastic , creating astounding fashions shows that mixed design , technology and performance , and on another he was a modern day genius whose gothic aesthetic was adopted by women the world over . His death is the hugest loss to anyone who knew him and for very many who did n't , " said a statement from Shulman on the magazine 's Web site . Asked about reports of McQueen 's death , London 's Metropolitan Police said a 40-year-old man was found dead at an address in Green Street , central London . They would not confirm his identity and said the death was not being treated as suspicious . "  At this stage it is inappropriate to comment on this tragic news beyond saying that we are devastated and are sharing a sense of shock and grief with Lee 's family , " said a statement issued from his company on behalf of the family of the designer , who was born Lee Alexander McQueen . "  Lee 's family has asked for privacy in order to come to terms with this terrible news and we hope the media will respect this . " According to a posting on McQueen 's Twitter page , the designer 's mother died February 2 . "  i 'm letting my followers know the my mother passed away yesterday , " said an entry posted at 11:46 a.m. February 3 . "  RIP mumxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx , " it added . One minute later , the message "  but life must go on !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! " was tweeted . The account has not been verified by Twitter as officially coming from McQueen , although the page does link to his Web site . His death comes just a week before the opening of the famed London Fashion Week . "  We are deeply shocked and saddened at the news of Alexander McQueen 's untimely death , " said a statement on the London Fashion Week Web site . "  He was a unique talent and one of the world 's greatest designers . Our thoughts are with his friends and family at this sad time . " Although McQueen was not showing a collection at the London Fashion Week , he was to unveil his ready-to-wear collection at the Paris fashion shows in March . His 2010 spring/summer collection featured alien-inspired makeup and prints , according to Vogue , and "  was lauded as his best by the fashion press . " Dresses in that ready-to-wear line had exaggerated tiny waists and rounded hips , and models on the catwalk wore high club-like boots with them . Model Naomi Campbell said she was "  truly devastated " by McQueen 's death . "  His talent had no boundaries and he was an inspiration to everyone who worked with him and knew him , " she said in a statement released by her publicist . "  This is a sad day to all who loved him around the world and my condolences are with his family . I will miss him so much , he will never be forgotten . " Designer Carolina Herrera called McQueen "  one of a - kind " and said in a statement that he was "  one of the most talented designers of his generation . This is a big loss for the world . " A manager at the Alexander McQueen store in New York said the shop would be closed Thursday and Friday in light of the designer 's death . Appearing on CNN Thursday before news of McQueen 's death broke , singer Lady Gaga -- known for her ground-breaking fashion -- spoke of her admiration for the designer . "  He is so -- He is on his own planet . He does n't need to respond to trends or what anyone else is doing , " Lady Gaga said in an interview on "  American Morning . "  He is so pure and from within and I -- he just generally inspires me ... and I love when I can wear his clothes and sort of synthesize for my fans what it means to me , because I want them escape through his clothes the way that I do . " According to a biography of McQueen on Vogue 's Web site , he was born in 1970 in London 's East End , the son of a taxi driver . He trained in London 's Savile Row at a company that made suits for Prince Charles . One anecdote that helped cement his bad-boy image claimed that he had once embroidered a suit for the Prince of Wales with a profanity sewn into the lining . His clothing line was purchased in 1991 by stylist Isabella Blow , who became a close friend . She committed suicide in 2007 , five years after his label was brought into the Gucci Group , based in Paris , France . In an interview with CNN 's Jim Bittermann in October , McQueen -- whose work was also worn by Sandra Bullock and Gwyneth Paltrow -- talked about how the traditional runway shows for fashion designers are changing . His latest show was an invitation event for 1,000 people and was streamed live on the Internet . "  It 's got to progress , and it 's got to move on , " he said . "  I 've been doing these shows for over 15 years now ; I must have done about 60 shows . Even I get bored with the same concept , so this way , I can see a brighter future for fashion . " The designer was honored as a commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire by Queen Elizabeth II in 2003 and won numerous other awards in the fashion world .	NEW : "  His talent had no boundaries , " model Naomi Campbell says Fashion designer Alexander McQueen , 40 , found dead at London home British police said death was not being treated as suspicious McQueen had reputation for controversy , earning him title "  enfant terrible "
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Nearly four years after she was arrested on suspicion of having killed her roommate in this picturesque Italian university town , Amanda Knox pleaded with a jury Monday to overturn her conviction for murder . "  I am not what they say I am . I did not kill . I did not rape . I did not steal , " Amanda Knox said , her voice trembling with emotion . She was making perhaps the most important speech of her life , and it showed . She got out only a few words before her voice choked off , she stopped , and said under her breath : "  OK . " Then she launched into the crux of her plea : "  People always ask ` who is Amanda Knox ? ' I am the same person that I was four years ago , exactly the same person . The only thing that now separates me from four years ago is my suffering . "  In four years , I 've lost my friends in the most terrible and unexplainable way . My trust in the authorities and the police has been damaged . I had to face charges that were totally unfair , without any basis . And I am paying with my life for something I have n't done , " she said , speaking fluent , flawless Italian . Knox and co-defendant Raffaele Sollecito are fighting to be acquitted of the murder of British exchange student Meredith Kercher . Prosecutors have called for the pair 's sentences -- of 26 and 25 years , respectively -- to be increased to life . Kercher 's family , meanwhile , held out hope that the conviction would remain in place . "  It is n't just the DNA or on one specific thing , " Meredith 's mother , Arline Kercher , said when the family spoke to members of the media . "  It 's the overall evidence . " Meredith 's sister Stephanie said the family remains "  satisfied " with Knox 's conviction and believes it was right , short of someone else coming along and saying , "  I did it . " "  I think Meredith has been hugely forgotten in all of this , " Stephanie Kercher said , adding that the family wants "  truth " and "  justice " for Meredith . The Kercher family spoke calmly as they -- and millions around the world , gripped by this case -- awaited word from the jury . Earlier , before Knox spoke in court , Sollecito made a dramatic appeal to the court to free the two of them . He removed a white plastic bracelet from his wrist and fingered it nervously as his closing statement came to an end . "  It says ` Free Amanda and Raffaele , ' " he said . "  I have never taken it off . ... I think now is the moment to take it off . " His voice fading almost to inaudibility , he concluded , "  I hope this is part of history and that Amanda and I have a future . " "  I have never hurt anybody , " he said . Knox did not look at Sollecito as he addressed the court , though he detailed for the judges and jurors the night of Kercher 's murder . The couple have maintained they were together at Sollecito 's residence the night Kercher was killed . He described the night as a happy , almost idyllic one for him : "  I was about to hand in my thesis . I had just met Amanda , a beautiful , sunny girl . " The case is now in the hands of two judges and six jurors , who retired together within minutes of Knox 's statement to consider their ruling . As they deliberated Monday morning , Rocco Girlanda , a member of the Italian Parliament , said Knox was calm . "  She is playing and singing songs in the chapel . ... She is calm , very , very calm . She says , ` Unfortunately I have some terrible hours ahead of me , because I have to wait , ' " said Girlanda , who has become an advocate for Knox . But the lawmaker said Knox was hopeful . "  She is absolutely convinced she will fly home to the U.S. tonight , " he said . Knox and Sollecito were convicted of murder , sexual assault and related crimes in December 2009 . Their appeal has focused largely on DNA evidence found on a knife and on a bra clasp belonging to the victim . Knox 's words capped a dramatic week of closing arguments by the host of lawyers battling over the outcome , from the lawyer for a man falsely accused of the crime , who called Knox "  Lucifer-like , demonic , Satanic , " to the Sollecito defense counsel Giulia Bongiorno , who insisted that like the buxom cartoon temptress Jessica Rabbit in the movie "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? " Knox is not bad , just "  drawn that way . " Knox told the court she always wanted justice for Kercher , her roommate at the university . "  I am innocent . Raffaele is innocent , " she said . At the conclusion of her statement , Knox put her hands on her face and wept , burying her face in the shoulder of defense lawyer Carlo dalla Vedova , who put a comforting arm around her and offered her a handkerchief . Knox was 20 and Kercher was 21 years old , studying at Perugia 's university for foreign students , when Kercher 's semi-naked body was found in the house they shared . Her throat had been slashed . Sollecito , 23 at the time , was Knox 's boyfriend , studying computer science at another university in Perugia . Prosecutors and police say Kercher 's genetic material was on the knife blade and Knox 's was on the handle , and that a Kercher bra clasp found at the crime scene had Sollecito 's DNA . Defense lawyers and independent experts argued strenuously during the appeal that the DNA testing process was badly flawed and the results should be inadmissible . As Knox defense lawyer Luciano Ghirga made his final statements to the court before Knox and Sollecito spoke Monday , he reminded the jury that the standard is "  beyond a reasonable doubt . " "  We ask you to give complete freedom to Amanda Knox , " he said . Knox has addressed this jury at least twice before , telling them in June she was "  shocked " by the testimony of the third person convicted of the crime , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast . Guede admitted having sexual relations with Kercher but denied killing her . Guede was sentenced separately to 30 years behind bars for the murder , a sentence that was reduced to 16 on appeal . In June , he refused to tell the court hearing Knox and Sollecito 's appeal that they had not been involved . A prosecutor then read a letter Guede had written to a newspaper from prison , saying he thought they had killed Kercher . "  The only time Rudy Guede , Raffaele Sollecito and I were in one room together was in a courtroom , " Knox told the court in June . Her defense dismissed Guede 's letter as based on "  a feeling , " not facts or events he witnessed . Before the hearing began Monday , Knox 's stepfather told CNN he was optimistic about the outcome of the appeal . He made his way into the court through a throng of reporters , ignoring shouted questions from journalists . Either side can appeal this court 's ruling to Italy 's High Court , but such an appeal would be on narrow technical grounds only . CNN 's Hada Messia , Matthew Chance , Paula Newton and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	It is n't just the DNA , " Kercher 's mother says The Kercher family remains "  satisfied " by the conviction , Kercher 's sister says Amanda Knox tells the court : "  I have n't murdered . I have n't raped . I have n't stolen . " She is fighting to be acquitted ; prosecutors want her sentence increased
Washington  CNN  -- Hillary Clinton had to know she was going to have to talk about her wealth . The tightly orchestrated book tour for her new memoir has closely resembled a campaign -- with war rooms and surrogate coordination . So one would expect that Clinton was prepared to answer questions on any topic . But when the wealth question came , Clinton , the political heavy hitter , whiffed . Twice . The muffed answers have made trouble on their own for the potential presidential candidate by raising new questions about her ability to connect with average voters on economic issues . But they 've also had another consequence . Prior to her book tour , she 'd begun a pivot to the left . Many liberals had questioned her economic themes and coziness with Wall Street . In response , she stepped up her populist rhetoric . However , because of the blaring headlines on wealth , her outreach to party progressives has gone mostly unnoticed so far , possibly clouding her appeal to another important constituent . A day to forget Clinton 's first misstep came when she told ABC at the start of her book tour this month that she and her family "  came out of the White House not only dead broke but in debt , " adding later that her family had "  no money " at that time . She was n't wrong when she said the first family left the White House way behind financially . She said they were burdened by legal bills and still had to keep a roof -- actually two -- over their heads and send their daughter to college . But here 's a mighty big difference between Clinton and the average person . For starters , she and her husband were obviously well positioned to quickly capitalize on the post-presidential custom of cashing in . She left that part out . Hillary Clinton had a massive book advance in the works and , along with the former president , the prospect of making millions . This is what fueled cries of hypocrisy . After quickly trying to clean up the comments , though , Clinton swung and missed again on Sunday when questioned about her own financial standing and wealth inequality in an interview with The Guardian . Clinton compared herself to others and noted her situation is different , too . "  We pay ordinary income tax , unlike a lot of people who are truly well off , not to name names ; and we 've done it through dint of hard work , " she said . One reason Clinton 's two missteps on wealth are surprising is that questions about the issue are not new and should n't have come as a surprise . Liberal websites like Mother Jones began asking questions about her speaking fees -- upwards of $ 200,000 -- in early May . Republican groups like the Republican National Committee and America Rising , an outside anti-Clinton super PAC , had been probing the topic longer . The progressive connection . Sally Kohn , a progressive activist and Clinton critic , said she handled the wealth question poorly and "  certainly has enough money to hire a better speaking coach . " But she downplayed the mistake . "  Why people do have a problem with her is not because of her personal wealth , it is because of her coziness with Wall Street . That is the problem , " Kohn said . The monied elite is an anathema to liberals , who decry wealth inequality , the corrosive impact of too-big-to-fail businesses and , of course , the overwhelming power in America of the professional investor class vs. average people struggling to save . For much of Clinton 's time on the paid speaking circuit , the former secretary of state has focused on bipartisan issues and kept some distance with hot political issues . But less than a month before questions about her wealth and understanding of the middle class started to define her book tour , Clinton departed from more bipartisan topics and stepped up her populist rhetoric in a May speech at the New America Foundation . She bashed George W. Bush , embraced material from the liberal playbook , and highlighted populist themes in her speeches . Clinton charged up her rhetoric , too . She blasted tight-fisted millionaires , decried the current economy as a "  throwback to the Gilded Age , " and dusted off old standbys about Republican trickle-down economics . The change in tone has n't happened in a vacuum , and may have projected that Clinton and her aides expected criticism about her wealth , stature and ability to relate to everyday Americans . But because of the mistakes , her populist pivot has largely gone unnoticed . An exclusive club Instead , it 's Clinton 's two tone-deaf statements about her family 's wealth that have defined her book tour , so far . They have also begun to shine a light on Clinton 's work as a constant fundraiser . Between her campaign for president in 2008 and her time as the head of a global foundation , she spent a considerable amount of time courting the money of millionaires and billionaires . Her foundation -- The Clinton Foundation -- has also become a bastion for corporate donors . Stephen L. Bing , the founder of Shangri-La business group ; Tom Golisano , the founder of Paychex and Cheryl and Haim Saban , Democratic megadonors and the owners of Univision , have donated between $ 10 million and $ 25 million . Republicans have seized on it and are looking to portray Clinton as out-of-touch and someone who has spent too much time in the "  bubble " and in other rarefied surroundings . They point to her gaffes as well as a comment from earlier in the year when she told a group of auto dealers that she had n't driven a car since 1996 . And while pro-Clinton Democrats have defended her , others in the party have begun to knock her -- some more subtly than others . They also say she 's out of touch . Vice President Joe Biden , who may be running for president , appears to be getting in on the action . Biden said on Monday that he "  makes a lot of money " as vice president . But he made sure to mention he was "  listed as the poorest man in Congress " and said he has "  no savings account . " Key point : Biden stressed that he 's been "  really , really fortunate " compared to the way others have struggled . Bush is still Clinton 's bogeyman 6 times Clinton sounded , acted like a candidate	Hillary Clinton has now misstepped twice on questions about her wealth The wealth questions come at the same time that Clinton has stepped up her populist rhetoric Democrats to the left question Clinton 's economic ideas and coziness with Wall Street Republicans are trying to create a narrative the Clinton is out of touch with most Americans
CNN  -- A Texas coroner declared the death of an adopted Russian boy accidental , prompting Moscow to demand a complete report from U.S. officials . Max Shatto , 3 , who was adopted from Russia , lived in Texas with his adoptive parents . He reportedly died on January 21 . Russia 's Foreign Ministry expressed concerns over the ruling about his death , saying it did not receive the information from U.S. officials , but from the media . It asked the United States to provide Russian consular representatives the relevant forensic documents , including a death certificate . "  We presume that this is not a final conclusion of the investigation . Still expect from the U.S. authorities -- both Texas and federal , including the U.S. Department of State -- the most complete information on the progress and results of the inquiry , " the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement . A medical examiner in Ector County determined the death was caused by a laceration of a small bowel artery due to blunt trauma to the abdominal area , said District Attorney Bobby Bland . After Texas boy 's death , Russian official continues call for ban on adoptions The bruising was consistent with a "  self-inflicted " injury , according to Bland . Toxicology reports were negative and there were no substances found that could have contributed to the child 's death . The sheriff 's office said it is conducting more investigations with other agencies . The boy 's death drew international attention after a Russian government child advocate said that the boy was "  killed " or "  murdered . " At a news conference last week , Children 's Rights Commissioner Pavel Astakhov said he tweeted those words based on the initial reports he received about the death . He acknowledged he may have spoken too soon . Still , he wants his country to ban all international adoptions of Russian children . The boy 's death aggravated U.S. State Department efforts to push through more than 500 adoption cases in which American families have already begun the process to adopt a Russian child before Moscow in December passed a law banning adoptions of Russian children by Americans . Families in limbo after adoption ban That law bans adoptions by Americans ostensibly because of documented cases of abuse by adoptive parents . But others say the Russian move is in retaliation for a U.S. law that places restrictions on Russian human rights abusers . Americans adopted close to 1,000 Russian children last year , according to State Department figures . Though the number has been dropping in recent years , Russia remains the third most popular foreign country -- after China and Ethiopia -- for U.S. foreign adoptions .	Russia 's Foreign Ministry expresses concerns over the ruling about his death It asks the United States to provide Russia with the relevant forensic documents Max Shatto , 3 , who was adopted from Russia , lived in Texas
Kennedy Space Center , Florida  CNN  -- The space shuttle Endeavour landed at Kennedy Space Center in Florida early Wednesday , completing its 25th and final mission -- the next-to-last mission for NASA 's 30-year-old space shuttle program . "  Welcome home , Endeavour , " Mission Control in Houston said . The spacecraft touched down at 2:34 a.m. ET at the end of a nearly 16-day mission to the International Space station . "  It 's sad to see her land for the last time , but she really has a great legacy , " said shuttle commander Mark Kelly after Endeavour rolled to a stop in the darkness of a warm Florida morning The youngest of the shuttles retires after 25 space flights . During 299 days in space , Endeavour orbited the earth 4,671 times and logged almost 122.9 million miles , NASA said . It first went into service in 1993 . Endeavour unlocked from the International Space Station late Sunday after spending more than 11 days linked to the orbiting laboratory , where the astronauts installed a cosmic ray detector . The $ 2 billion , 15,000-pound machine is already at work "  gathering information that could improve our understanding of the universe , " Kelly said . "  The retirement of Endeavour and the shuttle fleet will not end the human need to explore , " Kelly said in comments from space that were posted on NASA 's website . "  It is and always will be part of who we are . The United States will build other spaceships better than those of today . Even if they are years in the future , they will nevertheless increase our knowledge of the world , generate an enormous benefit to the economy and inspire our children . " On July 8 , space shuttle Atlantis is to make NASA 's final shuttle flight . Thousands of people turned out Tuesday night at Kennedy Space Center to watch it make the three-mile trip from the Vehicle Assembly Building to the launch pad . "  Look how majestic it looks rolling out to the launch pad , " said astronaut Sandy Magnus to reporters . "  Look at that and see what we can do when we put our minds to it . "	Endeavour 's 16-day mission took it to the international space station The retirement will not end "  the human need to explore , " says Cmdr. Mark Kelly The shuttle Atlantis is scheduled to take off on NASA 's final space shuttle mission on July 8
Australian textbook rental startup Zookal will begin utilizing drones to make its deliveries in Australia next year , with ambitions of bringing the unique , unmanned delivery method to U.S. customers by 2015 . The company says this marks the first commercial use of fully automated drones worldwide . It will fulfill deliveries in Sydney using six drones to start , dropping off textbook purchases at an outdoor location of the customer 's choosing . To wipe away any potential privacy or surveillance fears , the drones are n't equipped with cameras . Instead , built-in anti-collision technology keeps them clear of trees , buildings , birds , and other potential obstacles . Both the location of the user and the drone 's GPS coordinates are transmitted via a smartphone app , and Zookal claims deliveries can be completed in as little as two to three minutes once a drone takes flight . You can track the drone 's progress from the app  which will only be available on Android at launch  and head outside once it 's getting close . The drone never fully lowers itself to ground level , but rather hovers overhead and lowers its textbook delivery with the tap of a button on your smartphone . Watch : Flirtey Zookal flies "  As one of the few countries in the world to allow commercial drone activities , Australia is uniquely placed to create a new drone industry and shape the development of regulations in this space , " said Zookal CEO Ahmed Haider . Flirtey , the company that 's providing the drones for Zookal 's ambitious plan , is in the process of seeking regulatory approval with Australia 's Civil Aviation Safety Authority  CASA  . A test flight is slated for November , and if all goes according to plan , proper commercial deliveries will begin in March . The FAA will need first need to outline a clear policy for commercial drone usage before such a system can make its way to the US , something it hopes to do in 2015 .	Textbook supplier Zookal will start to use unmanned drones in Australia next year Smartphone users in Sydney can order books to be delivered directly to them Plans to make service available in U.S.
Washington  CNN  -- The battle for control of Congress is entering a final , frantic five-day stretch that favors Republicans but has room for plenty of surprises that could determine which party will run the Senate . The unsettled nature of so many individual contests at this late stage underscores the unpredictability of this election season . And Election Night could turn out to be a nail-biter that continues for days -- or even months . The themes that were expected to dominate this election cycle -- Obamacare and immigration -- are turning out to be duds . Meanwhile , threats posed by Ebola and ISIS -- hardly dinner table conversations a year ago -- are suddenly top issues . And on top of all that , add a mix of 2016 presidential drama as potential contenders barnstorm early voting states to help congressional candidates . The GOP is poised to extend its grip on the House and needs a net gain of six seats to take back the Senate for the first time since 2007 . Republicans are expected to easily take Democratic seats in Montana , South Dakota and West Virginia , leaving them needing just three more seats to build a Senate majority . But getting there could get tricky . North Carolina Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is holding firm in a race many observers thought she would have lost by now , up four points in an Elon University survey over her challenger , Thom Tillis . In Georgia , Democrats believe that Michelle Nunn â $ " one of the emerging stars of this election cycle â $ " could beat Republican David Perdue . If neither candidate gets 50 percent of the vote a run-off election will take place in January . In Kansas , Senator Pat Roberts is still slugging it out against independent candidate Greg Orman and even the man most likely to become majority leader in a Republican Senate , Mitch McConnell , can not take re-election for granted in Kentucky . The loss of any of that trio would complicate Republican hopes in the Senate . Still , there are other pickup opportunities for Republicans . In Colorado , Democratic Sen. Mark Udall seemed to be in good shape just a few months ago . But now he 's down by seven points to Republican challenger Cory Gardner in a Thursday Quinnipiac University survey . The Denver Post had the race closer â $ " with Gardner up two percent . In New Hampshire , Democratic Sen. Jeanne Shaheen is in a very tight race with former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown . Meanwhile , Arkansas Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor , fighting an uphill battle in an increasingly red state , was down between 13 and seven points to challenger Tom Cotton in two recent surveys . Other key states where Republicans have a good chance of picking up seats include Louisiana , Alaska and Iowa . Though the 2014 race is n't even wrapped up yet , the next election in 2016 is already unfolding as potential presidential candidates stump in key early voting states . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie announced plans to blitz 19 states before Election Day , including Iowa , New Hampshire and South Carolina , which will play outsized roles in the presidential campaign . Jeb Bush , meanwhile , made waves by jabbing Hillary Clinton over her attitude towards business . On the Democratic side , Clinton , who increasingly appears to be waging an undeclared presidential campaign , tracked through Iowa this week -- the state that did most to doom her 2008 White House bid . Obama remained a sideshow , with his low approval rating making him unwanted by Democrats in swing states . So , he has been largely confined to raising millions of dollars for Democratic Party coffers , or stumping for candidates in liberal territory . On Thursday , Obama was headed to Portland , Maine , to campaign for Rep. Mike Michaud who is seeking to unseat Republican incumbent Paul LePage in a tight governor 's race . CNN 's Ashley Killough , Dan Merica and Jeremy Diamond contributed to this story	The battle for the Senate is unsettled heading into the final days of campaigning Themes that were expected to dominate the cycle have n't resonated Political climate still favors Republicans
CNN  -- More than 5,000 people have been arrested and nearly $ 10 million seized in an operation targeting alleged illegal soccer gambling in Asia during the World Cup , Interpol reported Friday . The international police agency said it coordinated a month-long operation codenamed SOGA III , targeting activities linked to organized crime . Police raided "  800 illegal gambling dens in China , Malaysia , Singapore and Thailand . The agency said the dens handled more than $ 155 million worth of bets . "  The results we have seen are impressive , not only in the number of arrests and seizures made across the region in just one month , but in terms of the police cooperation which made this possible , " said Jean-Michel Louboutin , Interpol 's executive director of police services . "  As well as having clear connections to organized crime gangs , illegal soccer gambling is also linked with corruption , money laundering and prostitution , and Operation SOGA III will also have a significant long term impact on these serious offenses as well , " Louboutin said . The operation ran during the World Cup period from June 11 to July 11 . Cars , bank cards , computers and mobile phones were seized , and the information will be reviewed to see whether other people or entities are involved . "  The experience and expertise developed in each of these types of operations provides an even stronger base from which police can work , not only in targeting the organized crime networks behind illegal soccer gambling , but in combating all types of criminal activity which require a regional or international response , " Louboutin said . Interpol , based in Lyon , France , coordinated the operation with its office in Bangkok , Thailand . Interpol said it was the third of its kind . All totaled , the three separate operations resulted in 7,000 people arrested , $ 26 million seized and illegal gambling dens that handled more than $ 2 billion closed . Governments have released details of these latest busts in their respective countries over the month , such as Hong Kong in China . Hong Kong police , which dubbed its local operation "  Crowbeak , " said on Friday it arrested 235 people , seized $ 361 million in betting slips , and arrested males and females ranging in age from 16 to 79 years . Hong Kong police worked with their counterparts in Shenzhen and Guangdong to bust two "  significant cross-boundary " operations . "  Officers of the Police Technology Crime Division are currently examining the computers and server seized during the operations to investigate the identities of bookmakers , agents and punters , " police said . Punters are people placing bets . Police engaged in an anti-illegal bookmaking efforts and created an anti-illegal bookmaking webpage . "  Illegal bookmakers had used mobile phones and the Internet as platforms for receiving bets . With wider use of the internet and the increasing number of internet users , police believe that more criminals will take advantage of this platform to commit crimes and police will adopt appropriate measures in combating such crimes . " Hong Kong police have started financial probes in order to recover money and cut the incomes of "  criminal gangs . " "  Police also discovered that bookmakers and agents had continued to operate on a number of levels . Agents at lower levels , after receiving bets from punters , had referred bets to bookmakers at higher levels or even official betting companies , so as to reduce their risks or gain commission . Some bookmakers even used others ' bank accounts to receive bets and handle crime proceeds in order to cover up their own identities , " police said . Last month , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported that police in the northeastern city of Shenyang broke an illegal soccer gambling ring ahead of the World Cup .	More than 5,000 people were arrested in Asia Operations were in China , Malaysia , Singapore and Thailand The operation occurred during the World Cup period
CNN  -- Seeing lightness and color are the simplest sensations the brain has . And yet even at this most basic level we never see the light that falls onto our eyes  called the retinal image  or even the real-world source of that image . Rather , neuroscience research tells us that we only ever see what proved useful to see in the past . Illusions are a simple but powerful example of this point . Like all our perceptions , we see illusions because the brain evolved not to see the retinal image , but to resolve the inherent "  meaninglessness " of that image by continually redefining normality , a normality that is necessarily grounded in relationships , history and ecology . Which is why we innately find regularities in information and reflexively imbue those regularities with value . But it is the value , not the information itself we see . So , tomorrow morning when you open your eyes and look "  out into " the world , do n't be fooled . You 're in fact looking in . You 're not seeing the world ; you 're seeing a world ... an internal map of value-relations derived from interactions within a particular , narrow context . Another essential point about illusions implied in my TED talk is that they reveal our amazing capacity to entertain mutually exclusive internal realities simultaneously . Learn what TED is all about For instance , while looking at one of my color illusions  say the multicolored cube  you 're aware of one reality : that two tiles look very different , while simultaneously being aware of an opposite reality : that the two tiles are in fact physically the same . This capacity to be an observer of yourself is phenomenal and possibly unique to humans . Indeed , to literally "  see yourself see " is in my view the principal act of consciousness , which has the power to transform one 's view of the world and of oneself . The importance of the above observations stemming from my own work and that of others transcend neuroscience . They show us in an explicit  and I hope engaging  way that our senses are not "  fragile , " as many would have you believe . They show us instead that we are not outside observers of nature defined in isolation . We are instead indivisible from nature , defined by the trial and error process of interaction , a process in which we can choose to become active agents  but too often choose not to  . Understanding this point is I believe critical to personal and social well-being , since the typical barrier to a deeper insight into oneself and others is the overriding , but necessarily false impression that what "  I " see , what "  I " hear and what "  I " know is the world as it really is . But , by "  seeing yourself see , " in other words by actively exploring how your thoughts , feelings , beliefs and even the colors you see reflect your physical , social and cultural ecology , only then is it possible to understand the source of coherence and conflict within and between individuals . Put another way , only by accepting my own humanity can I accept the humanity of others . "  Seeing myself see " creates the opportunity for this acceptance . Illusions , then , were not the point of my talk , but simply a tool for encouraging this process . Resolving uncertainty is essential to our survival . Hence our fear of ambiguous situations is palpable -- e.g. , the inability to resolve sensory conflict between the eyes and ears can result in nausea  like seasickness  . And yet it is only by embracing the unknown within education , science , art and most importantly within our own private lives that we will find new routes to more enlightened ways of seeing and being . Thus , courage not confidence is at the heart of this process of actively redefining normality , which is the route to compassion and creativity . Encouraging this process by celebrating uncertainty is the raison d'etre of my work ... from the science of human and bee perception , to the art of translating images into music , to the design of a glass windmill for primary schools , to the creation of the "  My School " educational program  a framework for teaching and architecture that directly supports creativity , community choice and compassion  , even to giving a talk at TED . By providing relevant , tangible and accessible frameworks for others to take part in the process of discovery , I hope -- in a very modest way -- that my work will help foster a more empathetic view of nature and human nature . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Beau Lotto .	R. Beau Lotto : We only ever see what proved useful to see in the past But when seeing , we can be aware of one reality and an opposite reality , he says Lotto : To literally "  see yourself see " is the principal act of consciousness Lotto 's talk first of weekly series on CNN.com : Ted Talk Tuesdays
CNN  -- Shakira and her boyfriend are expecting a child , the singer announced on her website Wednesday . "  As some of you may know , Gerard  Pique  and I are very happy awaiting the arrival of our first baby ! At this time we have decided to give priority to this unique moment in our lives and postpone all the promotional activities planned over the next few days , " the 35-year-old singer wrote . Soccer star Pique , 25 , plays for Spain 's FC Barcelona . The entertainer said she was canceling a weekend concert appearance at the iHeartRadio Music Festival in Las Vegas . "  I will not be able to be a part of the iHeartRadio Music Festival , " she wrote , "  but I 'm sure this weekend in Las Vegas will be spectacular and I will be closely following everything that happens there ! " Organizers congratulated Shakira on the festival 's website in a post titled "  Wow ! Shakira reveals pregnancy , must drop out of iHeartRadio Music Festival . " NBC announced this week that Shakira and Usher would soon be sitting in the revolving chairs on the talent contest "  The Voice , " joining the show 's fourth season in the spring as replacements for current coaches Christina Aguilera and Cee Lo Green . Shakira and Usher to join ` The Voice ' in the spring CNN 's Marysabel Huston-Crespo , Louie Mejia , Breeanna Hare and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	Singer announces that she is expecting She cancels a weekend concert appearance in Las Vegas Festival organizers congratulate the entertainer
Vatican City  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI championed the environment in the Vatican 's annual World Day of Peace message . In his address , called "  If You Want to Cultivate Peace , Protect Creation , " the pope said peace with the natural environment is the beginning of peace with all of God 's creation , including people . "  Respect for creation is of immense consequence , not least because creation is the beginning and the foundation of all God 's works , and its preservation has now become essential for the pacific coexistence of mankind , " the pope said . The papal message of peace comes a week after the traditional Christmas address known as "  Urbi et Orbi " -- Latin for "  To the City and the World " -- a message of hope for the world 's afflicted . During the Christmas Eve Mass the night before , Benedict was dragged to the ground after a woman jumped a barrier and grabbed his robes . The pope appeared uninjured . In his homily , the 82-year-old pontiff asked parishioners to consider the possible effect of an ecological crisis on the stability and peace of the world -- a world in which there is increasing competition for the "  fruitfulness of the Earth . " "  Can we remain impassive in the face of actual and potential conflicts involving access to natural resources ? " the pope asked Friday . "  All these are issues with a profound impact on the exercise of human rights , such as the right to life , food , health and development . " "  Technologically advanced societies must be prepared to encourage more sober lifestyles , while reducing their energy consumption and improving its efficiency , " while preparing "  sustainable strategies to satisfy the energy needs of the present and future generations , " he said . Pope Benedict XVI challenged the faithful to be good stewards of what "  God has given us , " suggesting that peace with the Earth will lead to peace on Earth . "  For this reason , it is imperative that mankind renew and strengthen that covenant between human beings and the environment , which should mirror the creative love of God , from whom we come and toward whom we are journeying , " he said .	Pope Benedict XVI urges "  respect for creation " Message warns of conflict over dwindling natural resources Developed nations should adopt "  more sober lifestyles , " he says
CNN  -- South Sudanese rebels seized a strategic oil town last week , separating terrified residents by ethnicity before killing hundreds , the United Nations said . Residents sought shelter in churches , mosques and hospitals when the rebels raided Bentiu town , the world body said in a statement . "  We believe that at least 400 people were killed in Bentiu in the past week , " said Toby Lanzer , the top United Nations official in South Sudan . In one mosque alone , more than 200 civilians were reportedly killed and 400 others wounded , according to the United Nations . Before the attacks , some rebel commanders broadcast messages on local radio warning certain groups to leave town . "  Others broadcast hate messages declaring that certain ethnic groups should not stay in Bentiu and even calling on men from one community to commit vengeful sexual violence against women from another community , " the U.N. Mission in South Sudan said . At one hospital , Nuer men , women and children who refused to cheer the rebels were killed , according to the United Nations . People from other South Sudanese communities and the Darfuris , who hail from the war-ravaged Sudan region of Darfur , were also targeted and killed , the U.N. said . Most of the atrocities occurred on April 15 and 16 . In the United States , the Obama administration said it was "  horrified " by reports of hundreds massacred . "  Images and accounts of the attacks shock the conscience : stacks of bodies found dead inside a mosque , patients murdered at a hospital , and dozens more shot and killed in the streets and at a church -- apparently due to their ethnicity and nationality -- while hate speech was broadcast on local radio , " the White House said in a statement . "  This is exactly the violence and suffering the South Sudanese people fought for decades to escape . " Two rivals , a lot of violence The Nuer community backs rebel leader Riek Machar while his rival , President Salva Kiir , is a Dinka . The two leaders have been embroiled in a power struggle since December , with the President accusing Machar of trying to oust him through a coup . Since the attempted coup last year , militia loyal to both have battled each others ' forces . Violence has quickly spread , with reports of mass killings emerging nationwide . " "  The very future of South Sudan is at stake in this conflict and the greatest death toll of this crisis may not come from the killings , but from hunger and disease among the 3.7 million people at severe risk of food insecurity , " Lanzer said . The White House called for both Machar and Kiir to denounce attacks on civilians . Grenades , mass killings Armed militants attacked a U.N. peacekeepers ' base sheltering civilians last week , killing at least 48 people and injuring dozens . They used rocket-propelled grenades to breach the compound where peacekeepers had been hosting and protecting nearly 5,000 civilians in Bor . South Sudan seceded from Sudan in 2011 after decades of war . But numerous armed groups have remained active in the oil-rich country . More than one million people have been forced from their homes amid the violence , Lanzer said . CNN 's Millicent Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  We believe that at least 400 people were killed in Bentiu , " top U.N. official says They kill hundreds of residents seeking shelter in churches , mosques and hospitals Men , women and children who refuse to cheer the rebels are also killed , it says White House : This is the kind of violence South Sudanese have tried to escape for decades
Editor 's note : Morieka Johnson writes about pets , fashion and money-saving ideas for MNN.com . You can follow her and many other green writers on Twitter @MotherNatureNet . MNN.com  -- While dogs offer wet kisses to just about anyone within licking distance , the feline persuasion prefers that you earn their purrs and cuddles . Since the American Pet Products Association  APPA  estimates that about 38 million U.S. households have cats , plenty of people are working overtime to please their feline houseguests . Are you ready to join the ranks ? Here are a few tips for how to adopt a cat : Prepare for a long-term love affair "  There is this general thinking that cats are no-fuss pets , which could n't be further from the truth , " says Gwen Sparling , owner of Camp Kitty boarding facility in Atlanta . She notes that cats live from 15 to 20 years , which equates to thousands of litter box cleanings as well as other expenses . Annual expenses for veterinary care , food , toys and preventatives also add up quickly . Expect to drop around $ 1,000 for the privilege of kitty cohabitation . If you 're ready to handle the time and financial commitment , it 's time to find a match . MNN : Cat called for jury duty in Boston Consider the source Millions of adoptable cats await the chance to pounce on your freshly laundered socks . Start your search with a walk through the county animal shelter or by browsing Petfinder.org . Cats adopted from a shelter typically are up-to-date on their shots and have been spayed or neutered for less than $ 100 . From kittens to fully matured cats , calico to tiger stripes , the options are endless . Rescue groups provide another route to finding the perfect cat . These nonprofit organizations typically pull adoptable pets from local shelters and place them in pet-friendly surroundings to help them find a forever home faster . "  A rescue group is probably more familiar with the cats they have and therefore are able to answer any questions you may have about the cat 's personality , " says Sparling , who fosters cats at her facility for Atlanta Animal Rescue Friends . "  I recommend that those adopting a cat for the first time adopt from a rescue group because the group can also be a great resource should you have any questions in the future . " Both options save a life because they create space for another cat to find a forever home . Often rescue groups go one step further by agreeing to take the cat back if things do n't work out . MNN : A documentary from a feline point of view Get expert  matchmaking  advice "  Sometimes people have been known to come into the shelter with a cat in mind but , once the counselor has met with them and discussed their environment , they have gone home with an entirely different cat , " says Samantha Shelton , executive director and founder of Furkids pet rescue , Georgia 's largest cage-free , no-kill cat shelter .  The organization also shows love to homeless dogs through a network of foster homes .  Shelton shares the story of one woman who sought a kitten for her older cat . Counselors pointed her in a different direction , suggesting an easygoing adult cat instead . "  A kitten would be like a toddler wanting to play with the old cat and would eventually end up annoying the cat and upsetting the balance in the home , " Shelton says . "  The adoption was a great success because the adopter was willing to consider our advice , which comes from eight years of successfully placing well over 5,000 animals . " Speaking of toddlers , Sparling and Shelton advise against mixing young cats with young kids . "  A child could easily kill a kitten because he does n't know his own strength or how to properly handle a kitten , " says Sparling , who suggests that households with children opt for an adult cat that has a history of playing well with youngsters . Shelton adds , "  As a general rule , most shelters will not adopt kittens into homes with children under the age of 6 . " Start things off on the right paw Once you do find the best match , these tips from Sparling and Shelton will ensure that your feline roommate settles in with no problems . MNN : Study reveals physics of how cats drink Set aside bonding time : Cats love routine and they enjoy companionship , says Shelton , who suggests bringing a new cat home during a time when you have a few days to help it adjust to new surroundings . Create a "  safe room " for the cat : Place the cat 's litter box , food , water and bed in a designated space , preferably near a window . Shelton said this is particularly helpful when cats are being introduced to a canine companion or other cats in the house . "  This will help the cat feel secure in a new environment , " she says . "  If other cats or dogs exist in the home , place the cat in a room that will allow some access under the door so the animals can sniff and stick a paw out if they like . " She says the furry roommates should live separately for a few days . "  Once the cat is feeling confident , you can then begin the introductions . " Introduce the cat to canine roommates ... sloooowly : If your dog is cat-friendly , the introduction should still happen very slowly . Shelton also said it helps to have an outgoing cat , but patience is key . "  Our adoptions of a cat into a home where a dog exists have gone very successfully because of a slow introduction , " she says , adding that it also helps to install a baby gate to allow the cat a safe getaway . Avoid a cat-on-cat catastrophe : There is a reason that cats are described as finicky . Sparling stresses that you use caution when introducing new felines to the family : "  Many people will adopt a new cat , then throw it into a room with the resident cat and let them work it out . Bad idea ! " Sparling says it can take days and even weeks for your cat to accept the idea of a new kitty on the block . To ease the transition , she suggests keeping them separated at the beginning . Also , regularly swap their blankets so each becomes familiar with the other 's scent . "  When they do finally meet , make sure there is a cat tree or a shelves in the room so each cat can have a high spot , " she says . "  Some cats get along great from the beginning and some will hate each other for the rest of their lives . It all comes down to the cat 's personality . " In other words , there will never be a dull moment in Catville . MNN : How one feline mascot saved the trains in Japan Get the good stuff : An investment in high-quality cat food , is an investment in the long-term health of your cat . "  You will avoid some of the health issues that stem from poor food , such as urinary track issues , " Shelton says . "  By feeding a higher-quality diet , I think you can expect to pay $ 30 to $ 40 a month , depending on how many cats you have in your home . " The same applies to kitty litter , and there are several green options available that use corn , pine and even old newspapers . Maintain the preventatives : Flea saliva can cause an allergic reaction in cats . Keep your kitty itch-free by combing it frequently and using regular flea treatment . And check out more tips on avoiding allergies , because no one wants to be around an angry -- or itchy -- feline roommate ! © Copyright 2011 Mother Nature Network	Cats live from 15 to 20 years , which equates a lot of expenses Expect to drop around $ 1,000 for the privilege of owning a cat Start your search with a walk through an animal shelter or by searching Petfinder.org Households with kids should opt for an adult cat that has a history of playing well
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Fireworks , athletes and pageantry on a scale never before seen in the Olympics opened the Summer Games in Beijing on Friday as the Asian nation kicked off the biggest and most scrutinized Games in history . Fans celebrate the Opening Ceremony of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing , China , on Friday . Chinese President Hu Jintao declared the Olympics officially open , retired Chinese gymnastics champion Li Ning was carried through the air to light the Olympic cauldron , and pyrotechnics exploded throughout Beijing as the crowd of 91,000 at National Stadium cheered wildly . It was a stunning display from the nation of 1.3 billion people . Some media observers believe that the Opening Ceremony may be the most-watched television event in history . IOC President Jacques Rogge spoke of China 's long-held ambition to host the Olympics . "  Tonight , that dream comes true , " he said . Rogge mentioned the Sichuan earthquake , saying the world was moved "  by the great courage and solidarity of the Chinese people . " Emotion was high , as Friday 's Opening Ceremony not only officially started the Summer Games but was a symbolic expression of a nation seeking its place as a global superpower . Watch the excitement in Beijing as the ceremony begins " The ceremony began at 8 p.m. local time  8 a.m. ET  on the eighth day of the eighth month of 2008 -- in a country where eight is the luckiest number . The opening was an artistic mix of performance and light depicting China 's 5,000 years of history . Fireworks shot off across the Chinese capital as thousands of drummers , acrobats , martial artists and dancers performed under a light display at the National Stadium . Children representing each of the 56 ethnic groups in China marched out into the stadium , called the "  Bird 's Nest " because of its notable appearance . Dancers merged with objects that depicted China 's ancient Silk Road , its Great Wall and ancient imperial past . Acrobats swirled around a giant sphere , depicting China 's ambitions in space . Watch why the Olympics mean so much for the Chinese " Delegations from Afghanistan , Taiwan , North Korea and the United States were welcomed by huge cheers . But the loudest roars were saved for the Chinese participants . Waves of emotion greeted China 's delegation as it entered National Stadium , led by flag bearer and basketball superstar Yao Ming . U.S. President Bush was joined by Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and more than 100 heads of state , heads of government and sovereigns expected to attend , the International Olympic Committee said . The joy in Beijing was countered by grave news in Europe . As the Opening Ceremony was under way , Georgia 's president said that his country was under attack by Russian tanks and warplanes . While in Beijing , Bush and Putin met to discuss the conflict . Earlier Friday , the anticipation over the Beijing Olympics was unmistakable in China 's capital city . Thousands were on hand early at Beijing 's Tiananmen Square to witness the traditional flag-raising ceremony by soldiers of the Chinese People 's Liberation Army . Blog : Anticipation was at fever pitch This version of the Olympics brings with it controversy , discord that began in 2001 when the 2008 Games were awarded to Beijing . Criticism over China 's policies on human rights for its citizens , its policies in Tibet and the persistent pollution across the country have been the focus of much international scrutiny and media attention . Watch protests in Germany over China 's Tibet policies " For some world leaders , the decision to attend was a tough call . French President Nicolas Sarkozy threatened to boycott the Games because of human rights abuses in Tibet but later changed his mind . "  It 's inevitable that people from different countries may not see eye to eye , " Hu said recently , "  so we should try to expand our common ground on the basis of mutual respect . " Political leaders do not attend Olympic opening ceremonies as a matter of protocol -- Bush is the first American president to attend them outside the United States -- but China seemed determined to have as many there as possible . "  They want those leaders to confirm the fact that China has returned to great power , prominence in the world , " said David Zweig , a political analyst at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  They really want to say to the people of China that we , the Communist party of China , have done a great job . " Watch why China has invested so much in the Olympics " As for the Games , an estimated 10,000 athletes from 205 countries will compete in 28 events for about 300 gold medals . The first medals will be awarded Saturday , and China hoped to claim the first gold of the Games . See a timeline of moments to watch for " The Olympics will offer plenty of drama . China has put a priority on finishing first in the overall medal standings . Government officials have said they expect nothing less than a repeat gold medal from 110-meter hurdler Liu Xiang . Watch how pressure is building for the athletes " On Sunday , swimming competition begins , along with U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps ' quest to win eight gold medals , more than any individual in a single Games . Even if he fails , Phelps could become the all-time leader in gold medals . Also Sunday , an early showdown in basketball as the U.S. basketball team led by stars Kobe Bryant and LeBron James faces host China and Yao Ming . Watch an exclusive CNN interview with Yao " CNN 's Kevin Drew and Emily Chang contributed to this story .	Olympics Opening is under way , marking beginning of Summer Games 2008 summer Olympics is most expensive on record Anticipation building grows who will light Olympic cauldron More than 10,000 athletes to compete for about 300 gold medals
CNN  -- A federal court has sentenced two Minnesota women to lengthy prison sentences for soliciting donations in the name of charity , then funneling the funds to Somali militants . Authorities said the two women went door-to-door in Somali neighborhoods in the U.S. and Canada , seeking contributions . Amina Farah Ali , 36 , got two decades in prison on 13 terror-related counts that include providing material support to Al-Shabaab . Hawo Mohamed Hassan , 66 , got half of that on one count of conspiracy to support a terror group and lying to authorities . Both women , naturalized U.S. citizens from Somalia , were convicted in October 2011 . They were sentenced Thursday in Minneapolis . Evidence presented at their trial showed they supported the terror group between 2008 and 2009 , according to B. Todd Jones , a United States Attorney . Teleconference appeal for Al-Shabaab "  Ali communicated by telephone with Somalia-based members of Al-Shabaab who requested financial assistance on behalf of the group , " Jones said in a statement . "  Ali often sought the money under false pretenses , contending that it was to help the poor . " In both years , authorities said , she hosted teleconferences and urged listeners to give money to the terror group instead of the poor . In one instance , she recorded $ 2,100 in pledges at the conclusion of that teleconference , according to officials . She would then funnel the funds to the terror group using various remittance companies under false names . ` Questioned by the enemy ' Ali has maintained that the funds were for the poor , but authorities said monitored phone calls reveal otherwise . "  On July 14 , 2009 , the day after the FBI executed a search warrant at Ali 's home , she telephoned her primary Al-Shabaab contact , saying , "  I was questioned by the enemy here ... they took all my stuff and are investigating it ... do not accept calls from anyone . " Hassan , on the other hand , made false statements when questioned by federal agents about international terrorism , Jones said . From Minneapolis to Somalia The sentencing Thursday is the latest in federal investigation in Minneapolis -- home to the nation 's largest Somali population . The women were among a group sentenced this week in the federal government 's probe focusing on Al-Shabaab , which is believed to recruit young men in the Minneapolis area . The U.S. has designated it a terrorist group , and has said it has ties to al Qaeda . In recent years , about 20 Somali-American men have traveled from the area to Somalia to train with the terror group , and some have gone on to fight with the militants , according to U.S. officials .	Authorities say they went door-to-door in Somali neighborhoods , seeking donations One would then funnel the funds to the terror group using various remittance companies Both women have maintained the funds were for the poor
CNN  -- Among U.S. adults who go online , 13 % use Twitter -- and more than half  54 %  of these people access the popular social media service with their mobile phone , according to new research from the Pew Internet and American Life Project . The report also revealed some interesting details about the demographics of Twitter users . For instance , 25 % of adult African-Americans who use the Internet are on Twitter , as are 19 % of Hispanic Americans , compared with only 9 % of whites . Where you live also may affect whether you 're on Twitter : About 15 % of both urban and suburban U.S. adult Internet users are on Twitter , vs. only 7 % of rural dwellers . Twitter is slightly more popular with men than women , and most popular with Internet users ages 18 to 29 . Income is not an especially significant indicator of whether someone is likely to use Twitter , but education is : 16 % of college-educated adult Internet users are on Twitter , vs. only 8 % of those who stopped school after graduating high school . "  Mobile Twitter " can mean several different things , since Twitter exploits nearly every available mobile communication channel . Pew did not examine which types of phones mobile tweeters use , but it 's probably all of them . After all , Twitter was designed from the very beginning to be accessible on even the simplest feature phones  the next step down from smartphones , representing 70 % of the handsets currently in use in the U.S.  . This is evidenced by the most obvious characteristic of Twitter -- that tweets are limited to 140 characters . That comes from the constraints of SMS text messaging , which can be done from virtually every cell phone on the planet . Texting is , by most measures , the most popular activity across nearly all mobile demographics and on all types of mobile phones . Twitter also supports optional e-mail notifications , and e-mail is increasingly popular with mobile users on all kinds of phones . On the higher end of mobile , you can access Twitter from a variety of native mobile apps for smartphones and tablets , created by lots of different developers using Twitter 's application programming interface , or API . Twitter also recently updated its mobile website by leveraging new HTML5 capabilities to add interactive features and make the site function more like an app -- at least on smartphones with full-featured browsers . But even on the limited "  microbrowsers " still common on most feature phones , Twitter 's site offers a fairly user-friendly mobile Web experience . Pew 's report echoes other research that has found that social media is an increasingly popular mobile activity . A February report from comScore noted that social media is currently the fastest-growing content category for mobile users  up 56 % over the previous year  . And a year ago , Nielsen noted that 54 % of smartphone users and 36 % of feature phone users were accessing social media via mobile apps . On the flip side , all this research indicates that if you 're using social media , expect that a significant and growing proportion of your audience are on mobile devices . Increasingly , social media will also mean mobile by default . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	54 % of Twitter users access the social media service through their mobile phone , study shows New Pew study did not examine which types of phones mobile tweeters use It said that 16 % of college-educated adult Internet users are on Twitter It also said that 25 % of adult African-Americans who use the Internet are on Twitter
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Ramin Ostadhosseini needed to vent , and this gathering seemed the place to do it . Teens at Camp Ayandeh learn how to blend their parents ' history and culture with their contemporary lifestyles . "  I get Raymond , Roman and sometimes Ramen noodles , " he told the circle , describing how non-Iranians butcher his name . This group felt his pain . Here , sprawled out on a manicured lawn at Emory University were dozens of youths attending a weeklong summer camp designed to generate discussion on what it means to be Iranian-American . Like many attending Camp Ayandeh -- or "  future " in Farsi -- Ramin has parents who were born in Tehran and immigrated to the United States after the Iranian revolution in 1979 . Born in Baltimore , Maryland , six years after the revolution , Ramin grew up with two distinct and , at times conflicting , influences : the American side that met him at school and the Iranian one that greeted him at home . It 's a first-generation story as old as the United States . It 's so common that Ayandeh counselors said the camp was created three years ago to address both Iranian and American parts of a new generation of Iranian-American youth -- a community they define as being "  hyphenated . " Watch campers learn how to accept their backgrounds " "  We 're really becoming mindful of how we define things , " said Natasha Sallahi , a first-time counselor and aspiring filmmaker . "  We realize that sometimes one word does n't cover it all . So we 're trying to create better definitions ... by putting two things -LSB- Iranian-American -RSB- together . " Camp Ayandeh is sponsored annually by Iranian Alliances Across Borders , a largely volunteer organization funded by individual donors and PARSA , a California-based philanthropic organization . First established on Thompson Island off eastern Massachusetts , Ayandeh began its gradual migration south the second year -- setting up at a campgrounds near Fairfax , Virginia . Iranian-American teens from high schools across the nation now flock to the new Georgia address to learn about their heritage and ask questions that range from relationships and college admissions to sexual orientation and discrimination -- issues that can come with distinctly different social parameters than their parents were once accustomed to in Iran . Camp counselor Siavash Samei remembers such angst all too well . "  There was not a single person that I could look at and say , ` He is me , ' " Samei said , describing an absence of elder Iranian-American role models . " ` He is what I can do . He can snap and he can dance . And at the same time , he can talk English without an accent . ' " After two years as a camper , Samei returned this summer as counselor to help answer many of the same questions that plagued him a few years earlier . The typical adolescent anxieties and struggles were mixed with another layer of cultural confusion . "  As a high school student , I had a horrible time , " he said . "  One day I would come into school very dressed up thinking , ` I 'm looking Iranian . ' One day I would be wearing the baggy pants and dressed completely American . And I had no clue which one was right . " According to the U.S. Census Bureau , nearly 400,000 Iranian-Americans live in the United States . The largest wave of Iranian immigrants came to the U.S. immediately following the ouster of the Shah of Iran and the Islamic-led revolution in 1979 . Nearly three decades later , a new generation of Iranian-American youths are struggling to define themselves in these "  hyphenated " communities . Bobak Moazami , a 17-year-old kid from Manhattan 's Upper West Side , said he likes to think of himself equally as part of both communities . "  I eat American food for lunch , " he said . "  Every day at school I have a grilled chicken sandwich . Then I come home and have chelo kabob or qormeh-sabzi . " For many of these students , traditional Iranian dishes such as qormeh-sabzi -- a stew of herbs and beef or lamb -- are a part of a heritage that at one time could only be preserved by their families . But with campers rediscovering pride in their cultural heritage , these teens are learning how to blend their parents ' history and culture with their contemporary lifestyles . Put simply , why not appreciate the old-world beats of the tonbak alongside the edgy lyrics of Kanye West ? At Camp Ayandeh , games of "  vasati , " or Iranian dodgeball , and Iranian dancing sessions are scheduled next to public speaking and college prep workshops . And the campers bring their bicultural experiences back home . "  I read about American literature in the morning -LSB- at school -RSB- , " Moazami said . "  We talk about great English poets like Shakespeare and Lord Byron , and then I come home and experience another set of great -LSB- Iranian -RSB- poets such as Hafez and Saadi . " Nava Behnam , a 17-year-old who 's attended the camp twice , has a story that started out slightly different from most of those at Ayandeh . Unlike many of the American-born campers , Behnam immigrated to the United States at 5 after being born in Tehran . She has experienced little in the way of Iranian culture and tradition outside her home in Rockville , Maryland . "  I was never really surrounded by it too much , " she said . "  Or if I was , it was Persian gatherings with my parents where I 'd sit in the back and be bored and have nothing to do . " Twelve years after arriving in the U.S. , Behnam is part of a loyal following that returns to Camp Ayandeh each year . "  I come here to find my roots and to come to terms with where I belong and where I come from , " she said . After going to Camp Ayandeh , Behnam said she now has "  an appreciation for Persian culture and our customs , " even though she still describes herself as "  just another teenage girl going to high school in America . "	Camp Ayandeh helps Iranian-American youth come to terms with both cultures Iranian Alliances Across Borders sponsors summer camp Nearly 400,000 Iranian-Americans live in the U.S. , Census Bureau says Teen at camp says she has learned "  an appreciation for Persian culture "
CNN  -- It was a reunion more than four decades in the making . Almost 42 years after Robert Russell ' s prized 1967 Austin-Healey sports car was stolen , he has it back , thanks largely to his own detective work . Off and on for years , Russell , who lives in Texas , trolled the Internet looking for his vehicle , which was stolen in 1970 from his home at the time in Philadelphia . He finally struck gold , finding what looked to be his car being sold on eBay and kept at a dealership in East Los Angeles . Viral vigilantism , Tony Hawk style Russell spoke with the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department , enlisting its help . All those years later , he still had the car 's title that listed its vehicle identification number  VIN  , which matched the VIN on eBay . But there was one last catch . The car was not registered in the National Crime Information Center , an electronic clearinghouse of crime data . So over the next few weeks , Russell and Sheriff 's Detective Carlos Ortega were in touch with the police in Philadelphia . As it turned out , the car 's VIN was incorrectly recorded at the time of the theft . The error was corrected , and Ortgea was able to go to the dealership and confirm the car was , in fact , the one that was stolen . He took possession of the vehicle , which in its current condition is estimated to be worth around $ 23,000 , according to the sheriff 's department . Russell and his wife later arrived in Los Angeles to pick up the car -- righting a wrong after 42 years . Top 10 most stolen cars	Robert Russell 's 1967 Austin-Healey was stolen in 1970 in Philadelphia He tracked it to a dealership in East Los Angeles Authorities in Philadelphia and Los Angeles helped to return the car to its rightful owner
It was a moment Jose Diaz knew he did n't want to miss . The day laborer and undocumented immigrant waited for more than 10 years to see it . "  I missed work today , " he said , "  but I felt like I had to be here . " Diaz was in the crowd cheering after California Gov. Jerry Brown signed a law Thursday that will allow undocumented immigrants to get driver 's licenses in his state . "  This is only the first step , " Brown said from the steps of Los Angeles City Hall , adding that he hopes other states will follow California 's example . "  When a million people without their documents drive legally and with respect in the state of California , the rest of this country will have to stand up and take notice , " he said . "  No longer are undocumented people in the shadows . They are alive and well and respected in the state of California . " The new measure , known as Assembly Bill 60 , requires the California Department of Motor Vehicle issue driver 's licenses to undocumented immigrants who can prove their identities , have established California residency and pass driving exams . The law goes into effect no later than January 1 , 2015 . Details about how the new licenses will look and the exact process for obtaining them are still in the works . But even so , supporters of the measure cheered the signing of the law . "  To have a license is not a luxury . It is a necessity , because in cars we go to work , to school and shopping and without a license really we are limited in many things , " said Frida Hinojosa , an undocumented immigrant . For more than a year , driver 's licenses and other state benefits have been at the heart of a battle in the nationwide immigration debate . Supporters of licenses for undocumented immigrants argue that it 's safer to have more drivers trained and insured , and opponents argue that such systems are rife with fraud . The rules vary from state to state . In January , New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez said she would push to repeal the state law allowing undocumented immigrants to obtain driver 's licenses . That same month , the governor of Illinois signed a new law that would allow undocumented immigrants to get temporary licenses . In at least 45 states , officials have said recipients of deferred action -- the Obama administration 's program for young undocumented immigrants who were brought to the United States as children -- are eligible for driver 's licenses , according to the National Immigration Law Center . But in some states , like Arizona and Nebraska , officials have stepped up efforts to stop licenses from being issued , the law center said .	Gov. Jerry Brown : "  No longer are undocumented people in the shadows " The new law will allow undocumented immigrants to get driver 's licenses Brown says he hopes other states will follow California 's example Driver 's licenses have been at the heart of a nationwide immigration debate
CNN  -- Arriving at an air terminal is rarely a memorable event . All the more reason to book a flight touching down at one of these hairy or awesome air strips . Princess Juliana International Airport , St. Maarten , Caribbean Vacationers flock to the Caribbean for a laid-back vacation . But arriving at the region 's airports can have the opposite effect -- the compact , rugged nature of many of the islands forces runways to be built in inventive locations . Perhaps everything feels all the more serene after landing . On St. Maarten , Princess Juliana Airport -- named after Dutch royalty -- has people gnawing their fingernails in the air and on the ground whenever a plane lands . The runway starts mere meters from the edge of the ocean , with aircraft coming in almost low enough over the beach to spike a volleyball set . More : Breathtaking photos of Hong Kong 's Kai Tak Airport 's glory days Courchevel Altiport , France Unlike Caribbean-bound passengers , skiers and snowboarders touching down at Courchevel are usually geared up for an adrenaline fix . They 'd better be . In winter , the tarmac air strip at the French resort 's altiport , more than 2,000 meters above sea level , is often the only thing not covered in snow . Aircraft fly in through a channel between mountains , landing on a short , steeply sloping runway , complete with vertical drop off , that could almost double as a ski jump . The scene is so dramatic it was featured as a stunt location in the James Bond movie "  Tomorrow Never Dies . " Editor 's note : We initially referred to an incorrect Bond film "  Goldeneye . " Matekane Air Strip , Lesotho There 's little chance of extending this runway very far -- it ends abruptly at the edge of a 600-meter drop . Only light aircraft use the airstrip on this remote tabletop plateau in the tiny southern African kingdom . Planes sometimes fail to ascend at the end of the runway , conjuring images of a Wile E. Coyote hover and fall  before , thankfully , achieving flying speed and soaring away  . More on CNN : Best in airport food and drink Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport , Saba , Caribbean Rivaling St. Maarten for Caribbean airport thrills , Juancho E. Yrausquin Airport , on the island of Saba , has one of the world 's shortest landing strips . Wedged on a rocky outcrop at the foot of a mountain and with the end of the tarmac plunging into the sea , touchdown here is a dramatic experience . Gibraltar International Airport Flying toward a gigantic limestone monolith on a landing approach is never easy on the nerves , but in the 6.2-square-kilometer British overseas territory of Gibraltar there 's nowhere else to put an airport except in the shadow of the Rock . Space is so limited on the southern tip of the Iberian peninsula that the runway bisects the territory 's main highway . As aircraft get priority over automobiles in the vehicular pecking order , the road is closed every time a plane takes off or arrives . Barra International Airport , Outer Hebrides , Scotland Where else in the world can you pick cockles on a runway ? Rather than think about where to build a tarmac airstrip when you 're short on space , the Outer Hebridean island of Barra took a different approach -- it did n't bother with one . Pilots wait until the tide is out and then land on the beach -- reportedly the only airport in the world where scheduled flights touch down on sand . In between flights to and from Glasgow , the public have open access to the beach/runway . Paro Airport , Bhutan If there were awards for remote airways surrounded by dramatic scenery , the Himalayas would be filling a shelf . In pride of place might stand the only international airport in the mountainous kingdom of Bhutan Descending into a narrow , high-altitude bowl amid 6,000-meter peaks , pilots -- who have to be specially trained to land here -- bank their jets in a sharp right turn before swooping in low over farm houses . More on CNN : World 's busiest airport Kansai International Airport , Osaka , Japan Landing on an aircraft carrier looks thrilling , but you usually have to join the armed services to do it . You can experience a good second best at Japan 's Kansai International Airport , where the two runways appear to float on the water way out in Osaka Bay . Actually located on a purpose-built artificial island , to minimize noise pollution for city residents , the runways are in fact sizeable affairs  both more than three kilometers long  and connected to the mainland by a four-kilometer bridge . But from the air , this is the best way to get that "  Top Gun " feeling on a commercial carrier . Harstad Airport/Narvik , Norway On the approach to Harstad/Narvik Airport in the region of Evenes , planes skirt through fjord-land , over frozen lakes and between snow-covered mountains . Arriving at the settlement of Hammerfest , in the country 's extreme northeast , feels like touching down on an ice rink at certain times of the year . Madeira Airport , Funchal , Portugal Madeira 's international airport looks as if it 's been cheating in a tricky-runway competition . Sandwiched between a steep hillside and the sea , its dramatically short tarmac strip is extended on stilts over the water to make it long enough for a safe touchdown . Throw in frequent Atlantic turbulence and you 've got an arrival dramatic enough to make the calmest passenger reach for the fortified wine . Malé Airport , Maldives Malé Airport has looks and drama . Built on its very own atoll , Hulhulé , the runway is a mere six feet feet above sea level . After descending over the 26-island Maldives archipelago , undercarriages feel so close to the sea on touchdown it 's as if they 're skimming along the water . Ever landed at one of these airports ? Know of one that should be on our list ? Leave a comment below .	Planes landing on St. Maarten fly so low they risk intercepting volleyballs on the beach Snowy Courchevel 's runway was featured in a Bond film Malé Airport , in the Maldives , is only six feet above sea level JFK suddenly seems so much less exciting
CNN  -- Enough already about "  Angry Birds " -- there were plenty of great console video games in 2011 . Many longtime franchises put bows on storylines that had been going on for years . It was also the year of the shooter  and the number 3  as "  Battlefield 3 , " "  Gears of War 3 " and "  Call of Duty : Modern Warfare 3 " brought players into combat zones with new and creative gameplay . Those titles got lots of hype and sold millions of units , but none made my list of the top games of the year . As with any top 10 list , many good games did not make the cut . I tried to include games that I never really wanted to put down until the very last scene . Of course , your list will vary . Here 's my list , counted down in order , of my 10 favorite games of 2011  feel free to disagree in the comments  : 10 . "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception " A fitting finale for Nathan Drake and his adventures , "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception " wraps up the historical adventure franchise with possibly his greatest treasure yet . Not only does the story take a look back and reveal how Drake got started on his quests , but it also tied up many loose plot lines very well . The game feels like an Indiana Jones adventure , and Drake keeps a wry sense of humor throughout the most trying times . The designers did their research to showcase several incredible environments , historical references and lost treasures . Players will come away feeling like they 've been on a grand adventure , which they have .  PlayStation 3 9 . "  LA Noire " "  LA Noire " puts the story to the forefront in a daring attempt to be different . Action is dictated by the narrative and the characters and not by a ploy to get the plot moving . It looks and feels like a 1940s-style detective thriller with some great voice acting and motion capture animation . It emphasizes storytelling without forcing dialogue or plot . Expect to see more games like this in the future .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 8 . "  Little Big Planet 2 " Sackboy returned and actually got better . "  Little Big Planet 2 " has a single-player story that has a good plot and supporting characters . There is actual dialogue instead of grunting or mumbles . The puzzle solving remains fun , but the creation of levels to share with the community raises the enjoyment level . And the inclusion of social-media connections increases the player 's audience .  PlayStation 3 7 . "  Deus Ex : Human Revolution " "  Deus Ex : Human Revolution " allows players to experiment with different augmentations to enhance their human character . Creatively building and upgrading , gamers will discover new ways to complete missions even during replays . The atmosphere of the not-so-far-away future is one of hope and despair . The story is well-crafted and keeps players involved with little downtime or boredom .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 6 . "  NBA 2K12 " "  NBA 2K12 " gave hoops fans a great outlet while the real NBA resolved its labor dispute . Improved animations make the action look more realistic than ever . The inclusion of more of the NBA 's greatest players from the past lets you pit superstars from different eras against each other . And the "  My Player " mode lets you get drafted , work your way up the depth chart and learn to face the harsh glow of the media during press conferences .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 2 , PlayStation PSP , Windows PC , Nintendo DS , Nintendo Wii 5 . "  Saints Row the Third " So many games use sex and violence as a hook to draw in players . "  Saints Row the Third " uses them as the canvas of a hilariously funny and sexually charged romp that also offers excellent game mechanics . Missions are ultra-violent , outlandish and filled with tons of OMG moments . Drive around with a tiger in your car . Rescue hookers from a violent gang . Converse with Burt Reynolds and Hulk Hogan . It 's all tongue-in-cheek , fast-paced fun that players will enjoy .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 4 . "  Bastion " An independent title that shows what the "  little guy " could do , "  Bastion " is a surprisingly stunning game with original weaponry , an environment that players put together as the game progresses and narration that literally tells the story of what you are doing at that time . Dialogue is n't tied to a predetermined set of events . The narrator , known as the Stranger , reacts to what your character does and makes the game seem personalized . It 's a game that 's fun to play but never takes itself too seriously .  Xbox Live Arcade , Windows PC 3 . "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " Let me say first that my top three could be shuffled in any order and it would still be right . But this is how I 'm shuffling them  for now  . "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " is an open-world , role-playing game that literally has more than 100 quests to complete . Your character can be trained in any skill at any time , thus assuring that the game is personal to each player . Sure , there are some minor bugs in it , but they are more amusing than frustrating . And any game that lets me stand at the top of a mountain while more than a dozen dragons fill the sky is a big winner in my book . It is enthralling , addictive and satisfying .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 2 . "  Batman : Arkham City " The Dark Knight returns to his beloved Gotham and discovers it to be just as violent and twisted as the dark halls of Arkham Asylum . His new adventures , "  Batman : Arkham City , " expand the playing field dramatically and take the insanity into the open world . This allows for more freedom during combat and takes the missions away from a linear progression . The voice acting remains flawless , while the look of the game and its sense of foreboding throughout make it a pleasure to play . Love all the classic villains , too . This "  Batman " game was difficult to put down , even after the main story line  which was highly dramatic  was finished .  PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Windows PC 1 . "  Portal 2 " Outstanding characters ? Check . Cryptic puzzle solving ? Check . Great dialogue ? Check . Everything you 'd expect from a "  Portal " title returns in "  Portal 2 , " with some great additions . While the first title was all about the puzzles , this one keeps the puzzle-solving portion alive but mixes in a wonderful story that is fast-paced , informative and extremely humorous . Origins are discovered , new alliances are formed and there is not a crumb of cake to be had .  That 's a reference to the original "  Portal , " in case you 're confused .  If that is n't enough , a new co-op mode allows players to play as test robots that act like Abbott and Costello . It 's a fantastic game from start to finish .  Windows PC , Mac OS X , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360	2011 brought plenty of great video games ; our gaming writer reveals his 10 favorites "  Portal 2 , " "  Batman : Arkham City " and "  The Elder Scrolls V : Skyrim " top the list Also ranked : "  Little Big Planet 2 , " "  LA Noire " and "  Uncharted 3 : Drake 's Deception "
CNN  -- A tropical storm strengthened into a Category 1 hurricane Thursday in the Caribbean Sea , the National Hurricane Center said . Hurricane Paloma was centered about 165 miles south of Grand Cayman Island Thursday evening . Hurricane Paloma , packing winds of nearly 75 mph  121 kph  , was centered about 165 miles  266 kilometers  south of Grand Cayman Island at 7 p.m. ET , the hurricane center said . A hurricane warning -- meaning hurricane conditions are expected within the next 24 hours -- remains in effect for the Cayman Islands . The storm was moving north at nearly 12 mph  19 kph  , and it is expected to strengthen and turn gradually northeast late Friday and Saturday . The hurricane center said people in Cuba and Jamaica should monitor Paloma 's progress . The storm is expected to drop 4 to 8 inches of rain over the Caymans with isolated totals of as much as 12 inches possible . The storm was a tropical depression off Nicaragua on Wednesday . It became a tropical storm Thursday morning . Category 1 hurricanes have sustained winds of 74-95 mph .	NEW : Hurricane Paloma expected to strengthen , forecasters say NEW : Warning issued for Cayman Islands NEW : People in Cuba , Jamaica should monitor storm 's progress , forecasters say
MOUNT KENYA , Kenya  CNN  -- For as long as anyone cares to remember , the pastoralists of Kenya 's Rift Valley have fled with their herds to the fertile slopes of Mount Kenya when times are tough . Hundreds of dead cattle litter the slopes of Mount Kenya , fatally weakened by long treks to the region . When the rains failed this year they set off once again in search of water and pasture -- but they found only despair . "  I could have stayed home , or I could have come here , but it is all the same . All that you find is death , " said Peraguan Lesagut , an aging pastoralist who came five months ago with his herd . After years of persistent drought Lesagut left his two wives and 16 children and drove 200 cattle to the foothills of Mount Kenya -- Africa 's second highest summit . Now , only 40 are left ; the rest succumbing to cold , disease and exposure . Across the folds of this mountain everyone has the same story . Hundreds of dead cattle dot the forests , young herdsmen try to coax ailing calves onto their feet , knowing that if they do n't get up , they will die . "  I am hopeless because I have seen almost all of my animals die , " Lesagut said . "  If the rains are delayed for even another week two , then I will lose everything . " Millions of Kenyans are facing the same stark reality . The World Food Program  WFP  says that , together with the Kenyan government , they will need to feed 3.8 million people across the country . Successive years of failed crops , drought and erratic rains caused by climate change have all had an impact . Somalia , Ethiopia and Djibouti all face similar crises . Despite this , the U.N. agency says that its emergency programs are facing massive shortfalls . "  We are facing a really difficult situation . We realize that the world economic crisis has affected the amount that countries can give to us , " says WFP spokesperson Gabrielle Menezes , "  But at the same time we are seeing an awful situation in Kenya . If we do n't start feeding people now , things are only going to get worse . " For many Kenyan farmers , the situation is already bad enough . Eunice Wairimu has seen four successive crops fail . This is harvest time in Kenya but her corn plants barely reach her knees and she will have to use her meager harvest as animal feed . "  I do n't even like to go to my farm because I become very upset , " she said . "  There is nothing for me to get there for my family . " Wairimu used to sell her surplus , but now she depends on food rations . She accepts them grudgingly . "  According to our tribal culture , we are n't used to being given food . We have always been willing to work hard . If it is the will of God to bring rain , he will bring rain . But he also brings drought . "	Millions of rural Kenyans at risk of starvation because of drought , crop failure Somalia , Ethiopia and Djibouti all face similar crises , World Food Program says Hundreds of dead cattle dot landscape , driven in search of pasture by herdsmen WFP warns situation will get worse unless shortfalls in resources addressed
CNN  The elusive artist Banksy is known for producing powerful imagery , so it makes sense that more than 100,000 people would share his Instagrammed tribute to those killed in Paris on Wednesday . Except the artist says it 's not his . After 12 people were killed Wednesday during a lunchtime attack on the offices of a Paris-based satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo , an illustration was posted on the Instagram account @Banksy , which has about a million followers . The drawing shows a sharpened pencil with the word "  yesterday " written above it , followed by a broken pencil with the word "  today " and a final image marked "  tomorrow , " with the broken portion of the pencil sharped to create two pencils . However , a representative for Banksy has denied to The Independent newspaper that the image is his creation , as has been claimed . The caption on the Instagram says "  RIP . " A tag was later added for French illustrator Lucille Clerc , who is based in London . "  We can confirm this is not by Banksy , " the representative said . Clerc tweeted her tribute to the dead , among whom were several respected political cartoonists , with the caption "  Break one , thousand will rise #CharlieHebdo #JeSuisCharlie #raiseyourpencilforfreedom . " It 's just one of many tributes that have appeared on social media as the world reacted in the wake of the shootings .	The image has been shared by more than 100,000 It pays tribute to those killed in Wednesday 's Paris attack Social media have been flooded with tributes to the victims
AMMAN , Jordan  CNN  -- A 12-year-old Yemeni girl , who was forced into marriage , died during a painful childbirth that also killed her baby , a children 's rights group said Monday . Fawziya Ammodi struggled for three days in labor , before dying of severe bleeding at a hospital on Friday , said the Seyaj Organization for the Protection of Children . "  Although the cause of her death was lack of medical care , the real case was the lack of education in Yemen and the fact that child marriages keep happening , " said Seyaj President Ahmed al-Qureshi . Born into an impoverished family in Hodeidah , Fawziya was forced to drop out of school and married off to a 24-year-old man last year , al-Qureshi said . Child brides are commonplace in Yemen , especially in the Red Sea Coast where tribal customs hold sway . Hodeidah is the fourth largest city in Yemen and an important port . More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18 -- many times to older men , some with more than one wife , a study by Sanaa University found . While it was not immediately known why Fawziya 's parents married her off , the reasons vary . Sometimes , financially-strapped parents offer up their daughters for hefty dowries . Marriage means the girls are no longer a financial or moral burden to their parents . And often , parents will extract a promise from the husband to wait until the girl is older to consummate the marriage . Children 's organization UNICEF issued a statement Monday saying : "  Child marriages violate the rights of children in the most deplorable way . The younger the girl is when she becomes pregnant , the greater the health risks for her and her baby . "  Girls who give birth before the age of 15 are five times more likely to die in childbirth than women in their 20s . Child marriage denies girls of their childhood , deprives them of an education and robs them of their innocence . " "  More must be done to address the underlying causes in order to prevent tragic deaths like those of 12-year-old Fawziya and her baby , " the statement added . The issue of Yemeni child brides came to the forefront in 2008 with 10-year-old Nujood Ali . She was pulled out of school and married to a man who beat and raped her within weeks of the ceremony . To escape , Nujood hailed a taxi -- the first time in her life -- to get across town to the central courthouse where she sat on a bench and demanded to see a judge . After a well-publicized trial , she was granted a divorce . The Yemeni parliament tried in February to pass a law , setting the minimum marriage age at 17 . But the measure has not reached the president because many parliamentarians argued it violates sharia , or Islamic law , which does not stipulate a minimum age .	Children 's rights group draws attention to plight of child brides in Yemen 12-year-old Yemeni girl Fawziya Ammodi died after painful three-day labor Fawziya left school and was forced to marry a 24-year-old man in 2008 More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18
CNN  On October 31 , 2014 , the Italian government announced the end of "  Mare Nostrum " -- a naval mission that rescued would-be migrants in peril as they tried to cross the Mediterranean to seek security and a new life in Europe . In the operation 's year-long existence , the Italian Navy and Coastguard had rescued an estimated 100,000 people . But it proved expensive and politically contentious , and Europe was not prepared to help Italy shoulder the burden of the crisis . Without European support , the Italian government cut back the naval assets dedicated to rescuing migrants . Mare Nostrum , which had been launched after some 600 people died when two migrant ships sank in 2013 , was replaced by the more modest "  Operation Triton , " under the auspices of the European Union 's border agency , Frontex . Triton has about one-third of the funding of Mare Nostrum , with just six ships and patrol boats , two planes and one helicopter . It was designed as a policing rather than a humanitarian mission . At its inception , Klaus Rosler , operations director for Frontex , said "  Triton is not a replacement for Mare Nostrum . " Nor was Frontex "  a coordinating body for search and rescue operations . " Six months later , the argument about how to handle unprecedented numbers of desperate people heading for Europe continues unabated . Contributors to Triton include Portugal , the Netherlands , Finland and Iceland . Britain -- for example -- is not . It argues that search and rescue operations in international waters are "  an unintended ` pull factor , ' encouraging more migrants to attempt the dangerous sea crossing and thereby leading to more tragic and unnecessary deaths . " It 's perhaps no coincidence that immigration is a hot-button issue in Britain , with the UK Independence Party attacking the Conservative-led coalition government for being soft on allowing foreigners into the country . Similarly , the opposition Northern League in Italy opposed Mare Nostrum , accusing it of enticing migrants . If the first few months of this year are any guide , demand has not diminished even if the prospect of being rescued has . People from Syria , Mali and Eritrea are among the tens of thousands trying to escape repression , violence and abject poverty . Despite the danger , the great majority head first for Libya , where the collapse of authority allows smuggling operations to go unhindered . Italy -- the European state whose territory is closest to Libya -- has borne the brunt of the task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to the illegal migrants . In 2014 , 170,000 migrants arrived in Italy by sea . Italian ships have picked up about 11,000 migrants in the past week alone . The islands of Sicily and of Lampedusa  which is closer to Tunisia than to mainland Italy  see an almost daily influx of human misery . And at this time of year , there is a surge in the illegal trafficking as the weather and sea conditions improve . Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has said the Mediterranean is a sea , not a cemetery . On Sunday , in the wake of the latest disaster , he complained that Italy had been coping with the crisis in "  near solitude , sometimes assisted by some other international presence . " Italy has also led calls for an international peacekeeping issue to help restore stability in Libya , not least in an effort to tackle the flow of migrants , many of whom set out from around Misrata and other ports in the west of the country . According to some human rights groups , the danger to migrants on the high seas has been accentuated by merchant ships turning a blind eye to boats in distress -- despite a maritime obligation to come to the aid of vessels in peril . After the latest sinking , the European Commission called an urgent meeting of foreign and interior ministers , saying that "  the reality is stark and our actions must therefore be bold . These are human lives at stake , and the European Union as a whole has a moral and humanitarian obligation to act . " EU Foreign Policy chief Federica Mogherini , who is Italian , said Sunday : "  We need to save human lives all together , as all together we need to protect our borders and to fight the trafficking of human beings . " The task could not be "  left only to the southern countries , " she insisted . But bold action is rarely a hallmark of the EU . The recently installed head of the European Commission , Jean-Claude Junker , has set out his priorities -- but they are yet to be acted upon . Junker said the current budget of Frontex - some 90 million euros  $ 97 million  - was "  a good start but does not yet equal the task of protecting Europe 's common borders . " That money has to cover all Frontex 's roles -- and it 's not only the Italian coast that is being targeted by migrants . Further east , thousands of migrants are trying to reach Greece by land and sea . According to the UN 's refugee agency , 219,000 refugees and migrants crossed the Mediterranean last year . Junker has also argued for greater assistance to the European Asylum Support Office , which is based in Malta , arguing for "  more thorough risk assessments to spot problem areas before they become overloaded . " Most controversially , Junker is proposing Europe adopt a common asylum system , saying that "  one and the same applicant for asylum can have a 70-75 % chance of being granted asylum in one country of the European Union and less than 1 % , with the same reasons , in another country . " But progress toward a Europe-wide approach on migration is painfully slow . The European Commission plans to publish a policy document next month , but member states are in no hurry to grapple with such a politically explosive and costly subject . In the meantime , the argument in European meetings is likely to focus on priorities , with some  the UK and Germany  likely to argue that more resources must be devoted to cracking down on the lucrative people-smuggling racket . "  We must target the traffickers who are responsible for so many people dying at sea and prevent their innocent victims from being tricked or forced into making these perilous journeys , " said British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond Sunday . Others , including Italy , Greece , Spain and France , are expected to seek more concerted action in handling and funding the influx . But the hundreds of migrants being herded onto barely seaworthy boats from Libyan beaches will be oblivious to the debate . READ MORE : Migrant deaths at sea - what is Europe going to do?READ MORE : Why migrants are risking their lives to reach ItalyREAD MORE : ' I enter Europe or I die ' - desperate migrants rescuedREAD MORE : How do illegal immigrants get into Europe ?	Italian Navy 's "  Mare Nostrum " mission to rescue would-be migrants in peril rescued an estimated 100,000 people Operation ended in October 2014 , but the tide of people trying to cross the Mediterranean has not abated Italy has borne brunt of task of picking up , sheltering and providing food and medical help to illegal migrants
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A Christian Pakistani woman sentenced to death for blasphemy is innocent and should be released , Pakistan 's minister for minority affairs told CNN . Shahbaz Bhatti reached his conclusion after a three-day investigation into allegations that Asia Bibi defiled the name of the Prophet Mohammed during an argument last year with Muslim fellow field workers . Bhatti said he personally submitted his finding to President Asif Ali Zardari on Thursday and recommended that Bibi be freed . "  This case was filed on the basis of religious and personal enmity , " Bhatti said . Despite the minister 's recommendation , it is still not clear if or when Bibi will be pardoned by the president . Zardari asked Bhatti to propose names for a committee of scholars and experts who would recommend reforms "  to effectively prevent the misuse of the blasphemy law for personal and political reasons . " On Wednesday , a presidential spokesman and spokeswoman told CNN that Zardari will pardon Bibi only if necessary and after the legal process has taken its course . Bibi has appealed her conviction and death sentence , a process that could take months . Bhatti said he has advised Bibi 's lawyer to file a petition for the court to rule on her appeal as soon as possible . He also said the president has called on authorities to provide added security for Bibi while she is in prison and when she 's released . Bibi 's husband told CNN his family received death threats soon after his wife 's case made headlines .	NEW : President calls for panel of scholars and experts to review blasphemy law Asia Bibi was accused of blasphemy and sentenced to death President says he 'll issue pardon only if necessary and after legal process has taken its course
Marie Colvin , a veteran correspondent who was killed in Syria last week , died trying to get her shoes so she could escape a shelling attack , her paper reported Sunday . Colvin , a New York native , worked for London 's The Sunday Times . As is the custom in Syria , she took off her shoes upon entering a building that was serving as a makeshift press center . She was on the ground floor when rockets hit the upper floors , The Sunday Times reported . Thinking then that the building was a target , Colvin rushed to retrieve her shoes in the hall . A rocket landed just a few yards away , the paper said . Colvin , 56 , was the only British newspaper journalist inside the Homs neighborhood of Baba Amr . She was killed alongside French journalist Remi Ochlik in the attack Wednesday . Her mother , Rosemarie Colvin , said aid workers have been trying for days to remove her daughter 's body from the war-ravaged country . She added that she believes her daughter was deliberately targeted by Syrian government forces . "  They were first in another house , and the top floors there were blown off , " she said . "  First  the Syrian forces  rocketed the front of the building , " she said , fueling suspicion that the attack against a makeshift media center where Colvin and Ochlik were holed up was no accident . The Syrian government was not immediately available for comment . The day before she was killed , Colvin had given media interviews to networks like ITN and CNN about the ongoing clashes in Homs , and about a child who was killed in the city . "  The baby 's death was just heartbreaking , " she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  We just watched this little boy , his little tummy , heaving and heaving as he tried to breathe . It was horrific . My heart broke . " Colvin reported Tuesday that there was "  constant shelling in the city " and that the child 's death was "  just one of many stories " in violence-wracked Homs . "  It 's chaos here . " Journalists and activists have been sneaking into Syria in an effort to report on the protests and clashes that have persistently challenged the authority of President Bashar al-Assad . Colvin said graphic images like that of the dying child , who was reportedly struck in the chest by a piece of shrapnel , needed to be shown . "  Something like that I think is actually stronger for an audience , for someone who 's not here , for an audience for which the conflict , any conflict , is very far away . But that 's the reality , " she said . The siege of Baba Amr , where 28,000 civilians are "  hiding , being shelled , defenseless , " Colvin reported , has become a flashpoint of the country 's bloody year of violence . "  That baby probably will move more people to think , ` What is going on and why is no one stopping this murder in Homs that is happening everyday ? ' " "  There are no military targets here , " Colvin reported , refuting Syria claims that its forces are only hunting terrorists . "  It 's a complete and utter lie , " she said of the government 's response . "  The Syrian Army is basically shelling a city of cold , starving civilians . " A day later , Colvin and Ochlik were killed . Colvin , a Yale graduate renowned for reporting on war 's more human consequences , had for years worked in conflict zones and high risk areas , despite losing an eye in 2001 during a grenade attack in Sri Lanka . Since her death , her family has started a fund in her honor . "  We felt we had to do something so there was a place that people could donate , " said family member Michael Colvin . The Marie Colvin fund is intended to direct resources to charities that her family says she would have supported .	Marie Colvin was attempting to escape a shelling attack , The Sunday Times reports She was killed Wednesday alongside French journalist Remi Ochlik Colvin 's mother says she believes her daughter was targeted Since her death , Colvin 's family has started a fund in her honor
CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton arrived in Cape Verde on Friday , the final stop on her seven-nation Africa tour in which she emphasized good governance and urged officials to implement reforms . Hillary Clinton was in Cape Verde on Friday on the final leg of her Africa tour . Clinton is scheduled to meet with Prime Minister Pedro Maria Neves before returning to the United States . The Obama administration describes the island nation on the western coast as an African success story . "  Cape Verde enjoys a stable democratic system , high transparency and low corruption , " said Marianne M. Myles , the U.S. ambassador to Cape Verde . The relationship between the two countries is based on a long history of partnership , which started in 1818 when the first U.S. consulate in sub-Saharan Africa was established in the country , Myles said . Clinton 's 11-day trip started in Kenya , and has included stops in South Africa , Angola , the Democratic Republic of Congo , Nigeria and Liberia . She arrived at Cape Verde from Liberia , where she applauded the work of pro-American president , Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf , the first woman elected head of state in Africa . "  Today ,  Liberia  is a model of successful transition from conflict to post-conflict , from lawlessness to democracy , from despair to hope , " Clinton said . "  For the last three years , the people of this country have been working to promote reform , reconstruction and reconciliation . Liberia has adopted sound fiscal policy and seen strong economic growth . " Clinton 's trip comes after President Obama 's visit to Ghana in July , where he urged African leaders to improve government stability . During her visit , Clinton echoed Obama 's sentiment on government reform . Like Obama , Clinton made it clear that America is willing to help , but from the background . African leaders must take the lead in reforming their own countries , she said . Clinton 's message was a mix of praise and criticism . She also addressed other issues including democracy , trade and sexual abuse . Hours before her arrival in Kenya , Prime Minister Raila Odinga said that Africa did not need another lecture on good governance . But Clinton said she was delivering a "  tough but lovingly presented " message to the East African nation . "  As President Obama pointed out in his speech in Ghana , Kenya has not fulfilled its economic promise because it has n't yet realized fully what it means to have a functioning , dynamic democracy , and a free press and an independent judiciary , " she said . She urged Angolan officials to adopt a new constitution and hold a proper presidential election . However , she also lauded the nation 's commitment to fighting HIV as the two countries signed a partnership to combat the epidemic . At a town hall meeting in the Nigerian capital , Abuja , Clinton talked about the importance of democracy and warned that though Nigeria produces 2 million barrels of oil a day , its poverty rate has gone up over the past 13 years . She blamed the lack of progress on corruption . "  The most immediate source of the disconnect between Nigeria 's wealth and its poverty is a failure of governance at the local , state , and federal level , " she said . Watch Clinton compare election to 2000 U.S. presidential election " During a visit to Congo , Clinton denounced sexual attacks on women and announced $ 17 million in funding to help fight abuse in the country . "  In the face of such evil , people of good will everywhere must respond , " she said . "  The United States is already a leading donor to efforts aimed at addressing these problems . " Clinton also met with the leaders of Somalia 's transitional government in neighboring Nairobi . The country has been waging a bloody battle against al Qaeda-linked militants with help from the United States . The State Department notes it is the earliest trip by a secretary of state and a president to Africa of any previous U.S. administration .	Secretary of State Hillary Clinton winds up 11-day Africa trip with Cape Verde visit Clinton 's visit has included stops in Kenya , Liberia and Nigeria Clinton has urged African leaders to continue government reforms
CNN  -- A second half goal from Nilmar gave Brazil to a 1-0 victory over an understrength England in a prestige friendly international in Doha on Saturday . The slender margin of defeat flattered England , with Luis Fabiano missing a penalty shortly after the breakthrough goal and Brazil captain Lucio crashing a shot against the post . In uncomfortable heat in the Qatar capital , Brazil always had the edge against and England team missing John Terry , his defensive partners Rio Ferdinand and Ashley Cole and midfield stars Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard . Wayne Rooney was handed the captaincy armband by Fabio Capello and gave a wholehearted performance , nearly giving his side the lead in the opening moments as he just failed to get a touch on an inviting cross by Shaun Wright-Phillips . But there were few other attacking moments for England in the first half and their goal was twice threatened as stand-in central defender Matthew Upson twice lost possession in dangerous positions . A shot screwed wide by Felipe Melo and Nilmar 's failure to find a teammate with his cross left his mistakes unpunished . England goalkeeper Ben Foster was also forced to make saves from Michel Bastos and the influential Kaka . Capello would have been happy to see his makeshift men go into the break still level but the effort was undone in the 46th minute as Elano 's clever cross underlined poor marking and Nilmar stepped in to head past Foster . England should have fallen two behind after Wes Brown 's mistake left Fabiano clear and he was brought down by his Manchester United teammate Foster . He was lucky to escape a red card but then watched as Fabiano made a woeful hash of the penalty . James Milner had a half-chance at the far post from another Wright-Phillips before Lucio found space to thump a shot which beat Foster and crashed against the post . England at least pressed in the closing stages but could not forge a clear chance against the five-time World Cup winners . Capello attempted to put a brave face on a lackluster display by his men . "  I think we played against a Brazil team who have the best XI in the world , " he told ITV Sport . "  My first XI will be better than this one . But I found a lot of things positive . " European champions Spain beat Diego Maradona 's Argentina 2-1 in an action-packed friendly at the Vicente Calderon stadium in Madrid . Real Madrid midfielder Xabi Alonso scored two goals -- including an 86th-minute penalty -- to secure a home victory . Spain took the lead in the 16th minute after Argentina goalkeeper Sergio Romero saved David Silva 's angled shot only for Alonso to capitalize on the rebound . Lionel Messi equalized with a penalty just after the hour mark after Raul Albiol had been fouled . But Martin Demichelis handled in his own penalty area with four minutes left and Alonso netted the winner . Another prestige friendly saw World Cup title holders Italy and the Netherlands draw 0-0 in Pescara in a game of few chances . Home goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon became the fourth player to win 100 caps for Italy as he kept a clean sheet .	Brazil beat England 1-0 in friendly international in Doha on Saturday Villarreal striker Nilmar scores only goal of the match in 46th minute Xabi Alonso scores twice as Spain beat Argentina 2-1 in Madrid Netherlands and Italy play to goalless draw in Pescara
One of the ships that Shell Oil plans to use to drill in the Arctic slipped its mooring and drifted close to one of Alaska 's Aleutian Islands , the latest in a string of incidents to arise around the controversial project . The Noble Discoverer was about 175 yards from shore in Unalaska Bay when it slipped its mooring Saturday and drifted towards shore near Dutch Harbor , Coast Guard Petty Officer Sara Francis said . "  There are no reports of injuries , pollution and damage to the Noble Discoverer , " she said Sunday night . The incident raised concerns of a possible grounding near Dutch Harbor , though Francis said there was "  no damage to the hull or evidence it ran aground . " The Noble Discoverer is one of roughly two dozen ships that Shell is sending to the Beaufort and Chukchi seas in the Arctic to drill exploration wells in the harshest climate in the world.Opinion : The stakes are hugePete Slaiby , the vice president of Shell Oil in Alaska , told CNN recently the drilling in the arctic would be the "  most complex , most difficult wells we 've drilled in company history . " Proponents say if Shell finds oil with its Arctic drilling , it could create thousands of jobs ; opponents -- Alaska 's Inuit Eskimos and environmentalists -- say an oil spill could pollute the waters and damage the economy . "  Our subsistence for the winter , it all comes from the ocean , the fish and whale . It 's going to ruin our ocean , " 79-year-old Abagail Nashupuq of Point Hope told CNN recently . Nashupuq has spent her entire life in the small northwest fishing village of Point Hope , which sits about 90 miles from where Shell plans to drill one of its exploratory wells in the Chukchi Sea . Shell has been forced to postpone drilling , which was scheduled to begin this month , until August by an unexpected thick ice pack . The delay cuts valuable time from Shell , which is operating under U.S. permits which require to stop drilling in the seas by the end of October . Questions also were raised in June about the durability of one of Shell 's underwater oil spill containment vessels in severe weather , which resulted in the vessel that was headed to one of the drilling sites to be temporarily held at port in Washington . Opponents , primarily the Inuit and environmentalists , called for a review of the federal air permits that were issued to Shell Oil as part of its drilling plan . Related story : Nations battle for Arctic oil and natural gas Greenpeace , which has been leading a campaign against the drilling , issued a statement Sunday that questioned whether Shell could carry out the complicated plan if it was having problems with a ship 's mooring . Shell spokesman Curtis Smith said all indications pointed to the Noble Discoverer slipping anchor in soft ground , drifting only 100 yards toward shore . "  Shell quickly engaged one of its support vessels , the Lauren Foss , which safely towed the Discoverer back to its previous location , " he said . Francis , the petty officer , said the crew of the Noble Discoverer were interviewed . "  They did not feel any indication that the ship grounded , " she said . The Coast Guard plans an inspection of the interior of the ship 's hull on Monday , the same day that Shell will use a diver to conduct a secondary inspection of the outer hull . Smith said the anchor system used in the Arctic offshore drilling is "  no way similar to the light anchor used in the harbor scenario . " Still , Slaiby promised a full investigation . "  Even a near miss is unacceptable . While an internal investigation will determine why the Discoverer slipped anchor , we are pleased with the speed and effectiveness of the mitigation measures we had in place , " he said .	The Noble Discoverer slipped its mooring in Unalaska Bay , the Coast Guard says It drifted towards shore near Dutch Harbor , a petty officer says Shell Oil says it is investigating the incident The Noble Discoverer is one of the ships Shell plans to use to drill in the Arctic
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The Israeli Air Force shot down an unidentified flying object over the Dimona nuclear plant in the Negev Desert Thursday , the Israel Defense Forces said . The object appeared in a designated no-fly zone , the air force was scrambled and the object was shot down , the IDF said . The object could have been a party balloon , the IDF said , but forces have not yet found the debris to determine what it was . There have been unconfirmed media reports that it was a motor-driven object . The air force reacted according to procedure when the object was spotted , the IDF said . The Israeli daily newspaper Haaretz reported that last October "  IDF warplanes intercepted an Israeli ultralight aircraft that accidentally flew into the area and forced it to land at an airstrip in southern Israel . " It also reported that "  an Israeli surface-to-air missile downed a crippled Israeli fighter-bomber that strayed into the restricted zone " during the Six Day War in 1967 . The craft 's pilot was killed .	The location is in Israel 's Negev Desert The object was in a closed airspace It could have been a party balloon
Women face shocking disparities when buying health insurance on the individual market : In the vast majority of states , nearly all the best-selling plans charge women more than men for the same coverage , a discriminatory practice known as "  gender rating . " New research by the National Women 's Law Center released Monday shows that , in states that have not banned gender rating , 92 % of the top plans charge women more -- despite the fact that the vast majority of them do not cover maternity services . This indefensible practice will not abate until the Affordable Care Act is fully implemented in 2014 . The practice of gender rating costs women about $ 1 billion a year , based on average advertised premiums and the most recent data on the number of women in the individual market . For a woman in Texas struggling to get by on a low-wage job , pay for child care , and make the rent , being forced to pay an extra $ 646 a year in premiums because she is a woman can be an insurmountable hurdle . In Florida , women pay as much as $ 1,141 extra per year in premiums . Even smaller disparities in premiums can take a toll on women year after year . On top of that , women may be required to pay extra for inadequate maternity coverage , or pay the full cost of maternity care itself , which averages $ 9,600 for an uncomplicated delivery . The discrimination is so pronounced and the practice so arbitrary that in most states , women who do not smoke are often charged more than men who do smoke . For example , the center found that 56 % of best-selling plans charge a 40-year-old woman who does not smoke more than a 40-year-old man who does . Only nine states require insurers on the individual market to provide maternity coverage . In states where maternity coverage is not mandated , a shocking 94 % of health plans available to a 30-year-old woman do not provide such coverage . And in 25 states , not a single insurance plan on the individual market covers maternity services . To add insult to injury , women who have been survivors of domestic violence or who have had Caesarian sections -- so-called "  pre-existing conditions " -- can be denied coverage . Peggy Robertson of Colorado , with whom I testified at a Senate hearing in 2009 , told senators that because of her previous C-section , an insurer told her she could only obtain coverage if she were sterilized . My organization has been researching the disparities that women face in this insurance market for years . In 2008 , 93 % of best-selling individual plans charged women higher premiums . Today , it 's 92 % . Clearly , it 's not changing , and insurance companies will continue to dig in their heels and discriminate until the law forces them to change . Only 14 states have limited or banned gender rating on the individual market , including , most recently , California , Colorado , and New Mexico . But this problem is clearly not going away by itself . This national problem demands a national solution and , fortunately , we have one in the Affordable Care Act . That 's one reason why the National Women 's Law Center has launched a campaign to educate women about the benefits of the health care law , including the end of insurance discrimination . The center 's new campaign , I Will Not Be Denied ™ , tells women about the benefits of the Affordable Care Act and engages them to fight to protect the law . On Monday , the center released a video of intimate portraits of women on the campaign 's website . More than 30 organizations have joined the campaign , from women 's organizations to health care advocacy groups to those representing physicians and other health care providers . The Affordable Care Act is so important to women 's health . It bans pre-existing condition exclusions , prohibits gender rating and other forms of sex discrimination in health care , guarantees maternity coverage for all , and ensures that new plans cover recommended preventive care -- such as birth control , without co-payments or deductibles . As we 've seen recently in the debate over access to birth control , the promise of expanded access to affordable health care for women only comes with the force of law behind it . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention designated advances in contraception as one of the 10 most important developments in health care of the 20th century , reducing both maternal and infant mortality . Under the Affordable Care Act , millions more women are already getting preventive services like mammograms , Pap smears and colonoscopies without a co-pay , and later this year , millions more will have access to well-woman exams , screening for domestic violence -- and birth control without a co-pay or deductible . The Affordable Care Act is under attack in Congress and is being challenged in the Supreme Court , which will hear oral arguments on Monday in the health care litigation . The obstacles women face in gaining access to insurance and health care take an acute economic toll on them , as our report shows , and on the U.S. economy as a whole . Women have a tremendous stake in the outcome of these cases . Women are more likely than men to forgo preventive care if it 's too expensive , to be under-insured and to report problems paying medical bills . For these reasons , the center submitted an amicus brief on behalf of 60 organizations to the Supreme Court , as we did in four previous Courts of Appeal cases , setting out what 's at stake for women in the Affordable Care Act and the health care litigation . The Affordable Care Act is one of the most significant advances for women in our nation 's history . This is no time to enable discrimination to continue and even turn back the clock on women 's health .	Marcia Greenberg : 92 % of the top health insurance plans charge women more than men "  Gender rating " for exact same coverage costs women $ 1 billion a year , she says Handful of states have banned practice , she writes , but it is a national problem that will persist She says Affordable Care Act will ban this , as well as "  pre-existing condition " turnaways
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- "  Slumdog Millionaire " leaves audiences uplifted . But that is hardly how one of its child stars felt on Thursday . Indian authorities demolished the home of "  Slumdog Millionaire " child actor Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail . Despite the hit movie 's mega-millions in box-office receipts , Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail 's life changed little after he returned home to Mumbai , India 's , Garib Nagar , or city of the poor . On Thursday , even the roof over the real-life slum dweller 's head was taken away as Indian authorities tore down the shanty where Ismail 's family lived . Authorities said the home and about 20 others around it were illegally built . Senior Inspector Rahim Sheikh told CNN that the shanties were brought down as part of a municipal drive to clear encroachments on public land . Bulldozers leveled the slum built on a municipal garden , said Sheikh , who is in charge of the locality in Mumbai where Ismail lived . The little boy sat among twisted corrugated metal and other debris , surrounded by filth and squalor . Memories of Hollywood 's glitz and glitter were distant as tears streamed down his face . He said his family was given no notice of the demolition and did not have time to remove their belongings . But , they said , they plan to return and rebuild . Watch ` Slumdog ' actor 's home razed . " "  Slumdog Millionaire " is the story of Jamal , an impoverished , uneducated teen who competes on an Indian game show . Ismail , who played a young Jamal 's brother , Salim , traveled to Los Angeles , California , in February for this year 's Academy Awards , where the movie won eight Oscars , including best picture . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this story .	Azharuddin Mohammed Ismail 's home is in Garib Nagar , or city of the poor Indian authorities say the home , 20 others , were illegally built Family says they got no notice , plan to rebuild
The smallest boat moored at the Hemingway Marina in Havana may hold the most intrigue . Hunkered down inside a blue , 25-foot sailboat named Salty are Josh Hakken and his wife , Sharyn , and their two boys , 2-year-old Chase and 4-year-old Cole . Theirs is no ordinary visit to the historic port , where they have eluded capture but where CNN found them Tuesday . The Hakkens have been on the lam after they allegedly snatched the two boys from their grandmother 's home in Florida . The couple lost custody of their children last year . There is an international manhunt for this family , and here they are , blending in among the other boats . But their stop appears likely to be temporary , as Cuban officials announced Tuesday afternoon that they plan to turn the family over to U.S. authorities . Josh Hakken glared through his sunglasses at the CNN reporter who found him and said nothing beyond confirming his identity . The two boys are OK , said a woman matching the description of his wife , and she left it at that . Josh and Sharyn Hakken are wanted by U.S. authorities and were not in custody in Cuba . But that does n't mean they are n't being watched . Cuban security officials wearing sidearms appeared as the CNN video crew was filming and ordered them to stop . At the security guards ' request , CNN stepped away from the boat , which looked just like the photo that Florida law enforcement officials had circulated , except more battered . A statement from the Cuban foreign ministry said the boat put in to the marina , located a few miles west of Havana , in bad weather on Sunday . "  From the first moment , diplomatic notes were exchanged and a permanent and professional communication has been maintained between MINREX " -- Cuba 's foreign ministry -- "  and the U.S. Interests Section in Havana , with the goal of guaranteeing the integrity and well-being of the minors , " the statement said . Joshua Hakken : Libertarian washed ashore in the worker 's paradise U.S. government officials have told the sheriff 's office in Hillsborough County , Florida -- which includes the city of Tampa from which the boys went missing -- that "  they are receiving exceptional cooperation from the Cuban government , " the sheriff 's office said Tuesday afternoon . Earlier in the day , U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell said the State Department is aware of the case , though it could not provide additional information because of privacy concerns . "  But what I do want to say , more broadly speaking , is that one of the department 's highest priorities is the welfare of U.S. citizens overseas , and this is particularly true for children who are our most vulnerable citizens , " Ventrell said . Some worried that recovering the children will be difficult . "  Unfortunately , these parents and these poor children , these innocent ones , will now be in a country where there are no laws , there is no redress , and that has been a refuge for fugitives and wanted criminals for many years , " Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R - Florida , told CNN . The boys had been removed from the care of the Florida couple last year , and on April 2 , the couple 's parental rights were terminated in Louisiana , investigators say . The Hillsborough County sheriff 's office described Josh Hakken as an anti-government protester , and he was believed to be armed , according to the Hillsborough County sheriff 's office . There is no extradition treaty between Cuba and the United States , although there have been recent cases in which Americans sought for crimes in the United States and discovered in Havana have been sent back by the Cubans . The FBI currently estimates there are around 70 fugitives from U.S. justice in Cuba , which is one of the reasons Cuba remains on the U.S. list of countries that support state terrorism . Most of the American fugitives in Cuba have been there for decades and have ties to revolutionary movements or radical groups . Last week , the police department in Slidell , Louisiana , issued its own statement offering background on the Hakkens and why the boys were taken from the parents last year . In June of 2012 , Slidell police responded to a disturbance report at a hotel where Josh and Sharyn Hakken were staying with their sons , the police statement said . "  When police arrived , both Mr. and Mrs. Hakken were acting in a bizarre manner that alarmed officers . They were talking about ` completing their ultimate journey ' and were traveling across the country to ` take a journey to the Armageddon ' , " the Slidell police statement said , adding , "  Let it be noted that both of their children were present in the hotel room at the time . " Because of the parents ' behavior and "  the fact that narcotics and weapons were located inside of the hotel room , " the children were taken by child welfare officers , and Joshua Hakken was arrested on drug charges , the statement said . "  Approximately two weeks later , Slidell Police were notified that Mr. Hakken had shown up to the foster family home ... with a firearm demanding the return of his children , " the Slidell police statement continued . "  The foster parents called 911 , and Mr. Hakken fled without his children . We have heard nothing until  Wednesday  . " At some point over the past few months , the children were sent to live with their grandmother , Patricia Hauser , the mother of Sharyn Hakken . Sheriff 's investigators say Josh Hakken entered Hauser 's home at 6:30 a.m. last Wednesday . She told police that he tied her up and fled with the children in her silver 2009 Toyota Camry . That vehicle was found later that day just a couple of blocks away from the home . Those investigators told CNN they believe Hakken joined up with his wife , who was waiting in their pickup truck , and the family drove to a parking garage . A short time later , investigators said , Hakken is believed to have taken a sailboat out of a private slip in nearby Madeira Beach . Surveillance images showed the boat sailing into the Gulf of Mexico about three and a half hours after the boys disappeared from their grandmother 's home , investigators said , adding that the photos showed adults and children on board .	FIRST ON CNN : A man on a boat in Havana tells CNN he is Josh Hakken Cuba says it will turn the Hakkens back over to the United States Authorities believe Hakken abducted his two small sons last week The boys were taken from their parents by child welfare officials in Louisiana last year
CNN  -- Travis Mills has no arms or legs . He is an American hero who served three tours in Afghanistan and lost all his limbs when a bomb exploded under him . "  How I survived , I have no idea , " he said . "  I was yelling at the medic , ` Get away from me , ' because I thought I was done . " The retired United States Army staff sergeant spent months recuperating at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , but do n't dare call him a wounded warrior . "  I 'm not wounded any more , " he said . "  I 'm just a guy living life . " Recalling comrades killed in combat , he asks : "  How selfish would it be if I gave up ? " He snowboards , bikes and recently jumped out of an airplane with the U.S. Army Golden Knights parachute team . And now , he has a new admirer in Mike Rowe , the star of "  Dirty Jobs " and the upcoming CNN series "  Somebody 's Got ta Do It . " He met Mills a few weeks ago at a conference in Washington and wrote a Facebook post about their exchange to honor him this Memorial Day . As of Monday night , the post had more than 90,000 shares on Facebook . "  He has a motto : Never give up - never quit . He has a Foundation . He 's featured in a new documentary . He also has a wife and a kid , and a deeply personal commitment to help other wounded vets cope with their injuries . " Rowe wrote . "  But when I asked why I had n't seen him in any of the typical commercials and PSA 's for wounded veterans , his answer was stunning . He said he did n't consider himself to be wounded . ` I 'm not a victim , Mike . And I refuse to be portrayed that way . Case closed . ' " Rowe ended his candid post by reflecting on the holiday meant to honor America 's military fallen . "  That 's called a gut-check , and I could use one from time to time . Especially on Memorial Day , when the biggest decisions I face are what to grill and which type of frosty beverage to enjoy . This year , as I resolve these and other important issues , I 'll think of Travis Mills . " The toll of war now includes more amputees CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Mike Rowe meets Mills at conference in Washington Mills ' motto is "  Never give up - never quit " Rowe posts on Facebook about Mills to mark Memorial Day
CNN  -- During his trip to northwest Syria in late April , Ole Solvang talked to dozens of people who told him gut-wrenching stories . When the Human Rights Watch interviewer and his colleagues returned home , they titled their report "  They burned my heart : War crimes in Northern Idlib during peace plan negotiations . " "  Those words were chosen because what we saw and heard evidence of were systematic executions and torture -- war crimes -- by the Syrian government forces , " he said . "  It 's been frustrating to record these stories and then hear more negotiating , " said Solvang , who describes in a video what he saw . "  I think it 's clear that there are attempts to undermine the peace plan . " This week , a bomb exploded near a United Nations convoy of workers tasked with monitoring whether a peace plan is working . On Thursday , two car bombs also exploded outside a key government intelligence compound in Damascus . For much of the 14-month uprising , the capital city , home to many al-Assad supporters , has been largely untouched by the violence . Thursday 's explosions , which killed more than 50 people , are believed to mark a major point in the conflict . More violence came Friday , according to an opposition group . Five people in Homs and Hama were killed by government forces : Three were shot by snipers , and two were tortured to death , a spokesperson said . The architect of the peace plan , Kofi Annan , the United Nations special envoy to Syria , has said that he is now weighing an invitation to meet with al-Assad . Al-Assad 's government faults "  terrorists , " the term it uses to describe the opposition and rationalize security forces ' crackdown . His regime has banned foreign journalists , and several of those who 've attempted to report on what 's happening in Syria have been injured or killed . Solvang and his team knew the risk they took in entering Syria . They avoided checkpoints and kept a low profile . They visited homes in the province of Idlib and say they hundreds of ruined homes in various towns , many probably from systemic house-by-house arson attacks . Many of the male opposition fighters who once lived in the area 's towns have fled , Solvang said . Many women , children and the elderly remain , yet they are being targeted with equal brutality , he said . Several of the 65 witnesses and victims who talked to Human Rights Watch were mothers or wives . They say government forces broke into their homes and executed their families . Three of the victims were children . At 33 , Solvang is already an experienced conflict documentarian , interviewing victims of violence in Russia , the North Caucasus and Sri Lanka . He has focused on Syria since the anti-Assad movement exploded in March 2011 . But still , he can not get one mother out of his head . "  She was telling me how the government forces had detained her son and how she had tried to be nice and quiet and cooperative , hoping they would release him , " Solvang said . "  But as soon as the soldiers left , they told her , ` You have to forget your son . ' " Three days later , the woman found her son 's body , riddled with signs of torture , in a village cemetery . "  The courage she had despite  what she went through  and the way she described how she found his body afterward , that made quite a great impact on me , " he said . Solvang says another mother suffered similarly . The woman recalled how her three sons -- all in their early 20s -- were awakened in the middle of the night by fighters in uniform who identified themselves as "  Bashar 's men . " The fighters demanded to know why the sons owned a pants of a style seen worn at demonstrations . The mother desperately tried to explain that the pants were common , that they were the only style available at the town market . The fighters , she said , ransacked the house and forced the sons outside . The mother ran after them , but the "  soldiers pushed me back inside , " she said . She describes what happened : "  About an hour later , a neighbor came in and said there was a fire nearby , that the army set some cars and a motorcycle on fire , and the neighbors needed more water . My daughters and I went out with buckets , and then my daughters , who were in front , ran to me , saying that my sons were there as well . "  After we extinguished the fire , we found their bodies . Bilal was shot in the middle of his forehead , Yousef behind his ear , and Talal was shot by two bullets , in the head and in the back . " The mother told Human Rights Watch , "  I just wish I were killed and I did n't have to see that . " Several of the victims of summary executions were teenagers ; three were children , and several were older than 60 , the group documented . Though Solvang has interviewed victims in numerous conflicts , Syria stands out to him because of the estimated tens of thousands of people who rights workers suspect have been unlawfully detained . "  But it 's really unclear how many . No one really knows for sure , " he said . Also unusual is what he says is Syrian authorities ' widespread , systematic use of certain torture techniques : Electricity is often used . Syrians have also come up with a name for being hogtied ; they call it the "  flying carpet . " Solvang was also struck by people who victims described accompanying their attackers . These people often wear masks and may be locals or people familiar with the victims . One man recalled to Human Rights Watch that while a Syrian official brutalized him , a man with his attacker spouted personal information about him . "  Ask him about his cousin who happens to be a lawyer who is active with the opposition , " the man said . Another section of the report details the execution of 19 boys and men in the village of Taftanaz on April 3 . Human Rights Watch was able to observe bullet marks near several of the alleged killings : all in a row , about 50 to 60 centimeters above the floor , indicating that the victims were probably kneeling when they were shot . Less than a week earlier , in late March , al-Assad announced that he would implement the United Nations peace plan .	Human Rights Watch interviewed Syrians who said families had been executed One woman talked about finding her son 's body , tortured , in a cemetery The group interviewed 65 witnesses and victims in late April Interviewer said what he heard and saw constitutes war crimes
CNN  -- Voters in North Carolina , Indiana and Ohio on Tuesday kick off five straight weeks of primary contests that could give us a clearer indication of whether establishment Republicans have the upper hand against the tea party movement for control of the party . The results could back up recent tough talk from Senate GOP leader Mitch McConnell , who predicted big wins for incumbents facing primary challenges from the right , saying , "  I think we are going to crush them everywhere . " And they may have a major impact in determining whether Republicans retake the majority in the Senate . Since the birth of the tea party movement in 2009 , primary challenges from the right have produced major headlines and headaches for the GOP and hurt the party 's chances of winning back the Senate from Democrats in the past two election cycles . Candidates backed by the tea party movement and other grass-roots conservatives effectively cost the GOP five winnable Senate elections the last two cycles in Nevada , Delaware , Colorado , Indiana and Missouri . Complete coverage : 2014 midterm elections Two months ago , McConnell , whom the right sees as part of the problem in Washington , told The New York Times that when it came to tea party challenges , "  I do n't think they are going to have a single nominee anywhere in the country . " His prediction might come true . Establishment leaders say they have learned their lessons from the past two elections and are better at counterattacking this time around . So why do incumbents and establishment-backed candidates appear to have the upper hand this time around ? "  I do n't think we can say that the tea party movement is dead , but there seems to be less enthusiasm among their activists and supporters this year , " said Jennifer Duffy , senior editor for the nonpartisan Cook Political Report , a top campaign handicapper . "  Establishment Republicans and incumbents have learned to run against tea party-backed candidates . " And outside help this time may be making a difference . "  I think the Republican establishment is fighting back more than in previous cycles . There is more organization and involvement from outside groups in some of these primaries . I think in the past , it was too often an incumbent running against an anti-establishment challenger and a host of outside groups , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . 2014 midterms : Key races to watch Tea party ` changed the narrative ' But leaders of the 5-year-old grass-roots movement disagree with the suggestion that the tide has turned against them . "  I think the establishment is taking its victory lap a little early , " said Kevin Broughton , spokesman for the Tea Party Patriots Citizens Fund , who added that "  There are more wins to come . " And regardless of the outcome of the primary contests , Amy Kremer says the tea party is already victorious "  Regardless of the outcome in the primary races , the tea party has already won because we have changed the narrative and the political landscape in Washington . Now , both sides of the aisle express concern about our ballooning national debt , " said Kremer , who just stepped down as chairwoman of the Tea Party Express and is now helping Matt Bevin in his bid to unseat McConnell in Kentucky . Primary calendar : Who votes when Vulnerable Democrats put control of the Senate in play In North Carolina , first-term Democratic Sen. Kay Hagan is vulnerable . Flipping her seat and five others held by Democrats would give Republicans control of the Senate . GOP establishment nervously watches North Carolina The Democrats hold a 55-45 majority in the Senate but are defending 21 of the 36 seats up in November , with half of those Democratic seats in red or purple states , such as North Carolina , which will be the first indicator whether things will be different this time . The establishment is rallying around state House Speaker Thom Tillis , the front-runner in a multi-candidate field for the Republican Senate nomination . Tillis was endorsed Monday by 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney and late last week by former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush , who 's seriously considering a bid for president in 2016 . The most recent polling indicates Tillis hovering right around the 40 % mark , which he needs to crack in order to avoid a July runoff . The two most serious challengers are Greg Brannon , a tea party activist and first-time candidate who enjoys the support of some major tea party groups , as well as other influential conservative organizations and endorsements from the likes of Sens. Mike Lee of Utah and Rand Paul of Kentucky , who joined Brannon on Monday at an rally in Charlotte on the eve of the primary . The other major candidate is Mark Harris , a prominent Baptist minister who helped drive the 2012 passage of a constitutional amendment that strengthened the state 's same-sex marriage ban . Harris enjoys the support of a high-profile fellow pastor : former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , a 2008 Republican presidential candidate who may run again for the White House in 2016 . While none of the candidates , including Tillis , have raised or spent a lot of money in the campaign , the state House speaker enjoys the support of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and American Crossroads , two outside groups that combined have spent millions this cycle to run ads backing Tillis and other establishment picks . Last week , in what was described as a major buy , the pro-business Chamber launched a television commercial that described Tillis as "  a bold conservative who balanced our budget and reduced regulations . A businessman who delivered tax relief . " And Crossroads , the big-spending outside group co-founded and steered by Karl Rove , says it 's spent nearly $ 2 million in support of Tillis . That spending dwarfs the money shelled out by outside conservative groups backing Brannon . And in a sign that Tillis is seen as the most feared of the GOP candidates , the pro-Democrat Senate Majority PAC put out a spot critical of two of his aides . Overall , 90 % of all the ad spending in the Senate race in North Carolina has so far come from outside groups rather than the actual campaigns . ` Idol ' star seeks congressional seat While the Senate battle is the marquee race in North Carolina on Tuesday , some House primaries are also grabbing attention . Two-term GOP Rep. Renee Ellmers is facing a primary challenge from a conservative talk radio host because of her being open to consider some limited immigration reform . And in North Carolina 's 2nd Congressional District , former "  American Idol " star Clay Aiken is in a heated primary for the Democratic nomination . Aiken 's star power put to test in N.C. primary In the state 's 3rd Congressional District , 10-term Republican Rep. Walter Jones , an anti-war libertarian , is once again fighting for his political life , this time against establishment pick Taylor Griffin , a former George W. Bush administration official who also had a senior role in Bush 's 2004 re-election campaign . Can Mr. Jones stay in Washington ? More showdowns over coming weeks Next Tuesday , the tea party could score what could end up its only win in Senate primary showdowns this year . Conservative Ben Sasse of Nebraska , president of Midland University , has been showered with support and endorsements recently from former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , the 2008 GOP vice presidential nominee , and Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas and Mike Lee of Utah , as well as the backing of FreedomWorks , the Senate Conservatives Fund and Club for Growth . Some polling suggests that Sasse is now all tied up with Shane Osborn , the former state treasurer who 's considered the establishment favorite . But on the same day , seven-term Rep. Shelley Moore Capito is expected to easily win the GOP Senate nomination in West Virginia , where the party hopes to snatch the seat long held by retiring Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller . Capito 's considered a moderate , and while some conservative groups criticized her early in her bid , she 's faced no serious opposition from the right for the nomination . A week later , on May 20 , the action moves to Kentucky , where McConnell faces a challenge , and Georgia , where there 's a wide-open , free-for-all fight to succeed retiring GOP Sen. Saxby Chambliss . Republican Reps. Phil Gingrey , Paul Broun and Jack Kingston , former Georgia Secretary of State Karen Handel , and businessman David Perdue are the major candidates in the race . Kingston and Perdue , rather than the more conservative Broun and Gingrey , are considered the frontrunners in the contentious Republican primary . The winner will face off against Michelle Nunn , the all-but-certain Democratic nominee and daughter of the longtime Georgia U.S. senator . McConnell faces challenge of his own McConnell faces a challenge from tea party-backed Bevin . While this race has seen big spending -- both by the campaigns and from outside groups -- the five-term McConnell is expected to cruise to renomination . But he faces a serious challenge in November from rising Democratic star Alison Lundergan Grimes , whom big-name Democrats are already campaigning for . On the same day in Oregon , Portland pediatric neurosurgeon Dr. Monica Wehby is considered the frontrunner over more conservative state Rep. Jason Conger in the race for the GOP Senate nomination . The winner of that contest will face off in November against first-term Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley , who Republicans think might be vulnerable if 2014 turns into a wave year for the GOP . And in Idaho , there 's a high-profile incumbent-vs . - tea party challenge primary in the House , where eight-term Rep. Mike Simpson faces a serious primary challenge from conservative favorite Bryan Smith . A week later , on June 3 , the establishment-vs . - tea party contest shifts to Mississippi , which is among eight states holding primaries that day . Six-term Sen. Thad Cochran is facing a serious challenge from state lawmaker Chris McDaniel in Mississippi . Private polling shows Cochran with a comfortable lead , but outside establishment groups are taking nothing for granted .	Establishment Republicans are fighting back more strongly against challenges from the right With a number of vulnerable Democrats in the Senate , GOP thinks it can win control North Carolina primary seen as a key test of establishment-vs . - tea party scenario
CNN  Beyonce 's army of fans call themselves the BeyHive , and at any perceived insult to Queen Bey , they swarm . Photos posted on the fan site The Beyonce World led fans Wednesday to sting the website for representing her in a less than "  flawless " light . The pics appear to show unretouched , close-ups of the singer 's face complete with the blemishes of a mortal human . Web sleuths have put two and two together to speculate that the images were taken for a 2013 makeup ad campaign . Beyonce is a spokesmodel for L'Oreal . After outcry from fans , The Beyonce World pulled the photos and posted a statement : "  Due to the disdain of the BeyHive , we have removed the photos . We do n't want to cause any drama , nor do we wish to start fan wars . Some of the things we have seen posted were just horrible , and we do n't want any parts of it . We were just posting the photos to share the fact that our queen is naturally beautiful , at the same time she is just a regular woman . " Defamer and Complex grabbed the images before they were removed from the site , and the web is abuzz with reaction . A message to Beyonce 's representative was not immediately answered . Cindy Crawford lingerie image stirs debate over what ` real women ' look like	What appear to be unretouched photos of Beyonce are posted online Fans objected to the singer being shown with facial flaws
CNN  -- England striker Wayne Rooney has changed his mind and signed a new five-year contract at English Premier League side Manchester United , the club announced Friday . Rooney said on Wednesday that he wanted to leave the Manchester giants , after complaining they lacked ambition , but has now agreed a deal which ties him to Old Trafford until at least June 2015 . The shock development comes after a day of talks Thursday between manager Alex Ferguson , the club 's chief executive David Gill and Rooney 's representatives . Ferguson , admitted he had been "  shocked and disappointed " that his star forward wanted to leave the club , but said the club would now "  get behind " Rooney after his change of heart . How CNN pundit correctly predicted U-turn Rooney , who has struggled for form this season after lackluster displays for England in their dismal World Cup campaign , explained his jaw-dropping U-turn . "  In the last couple of days , I have talked to the manager and the owners and they have convinced me this is where I belong , " he told the club 's official website . "  I said on Wednesday the manager is a genius and it is his belief and support that have convinced me to stay . "  I 'm signing a new deal in the absolute belief that the management , coaching staff , board and owners are totally committed to making sure United maintains its proud winning history -- which is the reason I joined the club in the first place . " Ferguson was delighted he had persuaded Rooney to stay after he looked set to exit Old Trafford in the January transfer window . Ferguson shows his genius in Rooney affair "  Sometimes , when you 're in a club , it can be hard to realize just how big it is and it takes something like the events of the last few days to make you understand . I think Wayne now understands what a great club Manchester United is , " he said . "  I 'm pleased he has accepted the challenge to guide the younger players and establish himself as one of United 's great players . It shows character and belief in what we stand for . "  I 'm sure everyone involved with the club will now get behind Wayne and show him the support he needs to produce the performances we know he is capable of . " United urge fans to be patient over Rooney Rooney , who injured his troublesome ankle in training Tuesday , will be out of action for up to three weeks , and could make his return against arch-rivals Manchester City . A move to cash-rich City looked the most likely as Rooney decided his future , a prospect which angered fans of the Red Devils who protested outside the striker 's Cheshire home on Thursday night . Little did they know that Rooney had changed his mind , after the club had put out a holding statement earlier in the evening , urging fans to show patience . The 24-year-old 's original deal was due to run out at the end of next season , but his agent Paul Stretford told United on August 14 that Rooney wanted to leave the club he joined from Everton in 2004 . Ferguson eventually broke the news of Rooney 's apparent departure only last Tuesday after intense media speculation .	Wayne Rooney signs new five-year contract at Manchester United Rooney changes his mind after saying he wanted to leave the Premier League giants Rooney says United manager Alex Ferguson had persuaded him to stay England striker will be sidelined for up to three weeks with an ankle injury
President Barack Obama on Tuesday bestowed the nation 's highest civilian honor , the Presidential Medal of Freedom , on 13 people from all walks of life , hailing them for changing the world for the better . One of them , Dr. William Foege , helped lead the effort to eradicate smallpox , saving millions of lives . Madeleine Albright was the first woman to serve as U.S. Secretary of State , and Toni Morrison was the first African-American women to win a Nobel Prize . Others who stood calmly while Obama placed the medal around their necks included singer-songwriter Bob Dylan , wearing dark glasses indoors and never smiling ; civil rights enforcer John Doar ; former U.S. Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens ; worker and women 's advocate Dolores Huerta ; former University of Tennessee women 's basketball coach Pat Summitt , and former astronaut and U.S. Sen. John Glenn . Three recipients were honored posthumously -- Jan Karski , the former Polish officer who escaped Nazi imprisonment and provided firsthand accounts to the Western Allies of atrocities he witnessed in Warsaw ; Gordon Hirabayashi , who defied the forced relocation and internment of Japanese Americans during World War II , and Juliette Gordon Low , the founder of the Girl Scouts . A 13th winner , former Israeli President Shimon Peres , will receive his medal at a White House dinner later this year , Obama said . "  What sets these men and women apart is the incredible impact they have had on so many people , not in short and blinding bursts , but steadily , over the course of a lifetime , " the president said Tuesday . "  They have moved us with their words , they have inspired us with their actions . " They also affected his life , the nation 's first African-American president noted . Referring to Doar , a Justice Department official in the 1960s who pushed for integration , Obama said : "  I think it 's fair to say that I might not be here had it not been for his work . " "  I remember reading ` Song of Solomon ' when I was a kid and not just trying to figure out how to write but also how to be and how to think , " he said in reference to Morrison 's 1977 novel . "  And I remember , you know , in college , listening to Bob Dylan and my world opening up , 'cause he captured something about this country that was so vital . And I think about Dolores Huerta , reading about her when I was starting off as an organizer . Everybody on this stage has marked my life in profound ways . " Obama called the medal "  one more accolade for a life well lived " and the crowd of dignitaries responded to his urging at the end with a lusty ovation . The president also injected some humor into the ceremony , beginning his remarks by noting the packed East Room was "  a testament to how cool this group is -- everybody wants to check them out . " The medal is awarded to those who make extraordinary contributions to world peace , national interest and security or other cultural endeavors . It was established in 1963 by President John F. Kennedy . Here is a list of this year 's recipients and some of the information released by the White House on why they were selected : Madeleine Albright From 1997 to 2001 , under President Bill Clinton , Albright served as the 64th United States secretary of state , the first woman to hold that position . During her tenure , she worked to enlarge NATO and helped lead the alliance 's campaign against terror and ethnic cleansing in the Balkans , pursued peace in the Middle East and Africa , sought to reduce the dangerous spread of nuclear weapons and was a champion of democracy , human rights and good governance across the globe . John Doar Doar was a legendary public servant and leader of federal efforts to protect and enforce civil rights during the 1960s . He served as assistant attorney general in charge of the civil rights division of the Department of Justice . In that capacity , he was instrumental during many major civil rights crises , including singlehandedly preventing a riot in Jackson , Mississippi , after the funeral of slain civil rights leader Medgar Evers in 1963 . Bob Dylan One of the most influential American musicians of the 20th century , Dylan released his first album in 1962 . Known for his rich and poetic lyrics , his work had considerable influence on the civil rights movement of the 1960s and has had significant impact on American culture over the past five decades . William Foege A physician and epidemiologist , Foege helped lead the successful campaign to eradicate smallpox in the 1970s . He was appointed director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in 1977 and , with colleagues , founded the Task Force for Child Survival in 1984 . Foege became executive director of The Carter Center in 1986 and continues to serve the organization as a senior fellow . John Glenn Glenn is a former United States Marine Corps pilot , astronaut , and United States senator . In 1962 , he was the third American in space and the first American to orbit the Earth . After retiring from the Marine Corps , Glenn was elected to the U.S. Senate in Ohio in 1974 . He was an architect and sponsor of the 1978 Nonproliferation Act and served as chairman of the Senate Government Affairs committee from 1978 until 1995 . Gordon Hirabayashi Hirabayashi openly defied the forced relocation and internment of Japanese Americans during World War II . As an undergraduate at the University of Washington , he refused the order to report for evacuation to an internment camp , instead turning himself in to the FBI to assert his belief that these practices were racially discriminatory . Consequently , he was convicted by a U.S. Federal District Court in Seattle of defying the exclusion order and violating curfew . Hirabayashi appealed his conviction all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court , which ruled against him in 1943 . After World War II and his time in prison , Hirabayashi obtained his doctoral degree in sociology and became a professor . In 1987 , his conviction was overturned by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit . Hirabayashi died on January 2 , 2012 . Dolores Huerta Huerta is a civil rights , workers and women 's advocate . With Cesar Chavez , she co-founded the National Farmworkers Association in 1962 , which later became the United Farm Workers of America . Huerta has served as a community activist and a political organizer , and was influential in securing the passage of California 's Agricultural Labor Relations Act of 1975 , and disability insurance for farm workers in California . Jan Karski Karski served as an officer in the Polish Underground during World War II and carried among the first eyewitness accounts of the Holocaust to the world . He worked as a courier , entering the Warsaw ghetto and the Nazi Izbica transit camp , where he saw firsthand the atrocities occurring under Nazi occupation . Juliette Gordon Low Born in 1860 , Low founded the Girl Scouts in 1912 . The organization strives to teach girls self-reliance and resourcefulness . It also encourages girls to seek fulfillment in the professional world and to become active citizens in their communities . Toni Morrison One of our nation 's most celebrated novelists , Morrison is renowned for works such as "  Song of Solomon , " "  Jazz " and "  Beloved " , for which she won a Pulitzer Prize in 1988 . When she became the first African-American woman to win a Nobel Prize in 1993 , Morrison 's citation captured her as an author "  who in novels characterized by visionary force and poetic import , gives life to an essential aspect of American reality . " Shimon Peres An ardent advocate for Israel 's security and for peace , Shimon Peres was elected the ninth president of Israel in 2007 . First elected to the Knesset in 1959 , he has served in a variety of positions throughout the Israeli government , including in 12 Cabinets as foreign minister , minister of defense , and minister of transport and communications . Peres served as prime minister from 1984-1986 and 1995-1996 . John Paul Stevens Stevens served as an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court from 1975 to 2010 , when he retired as the third longest-serving justice in the court 's history . Known for his independent , pragmatic and rigorous approach to judging , Stevens and his work have left a lasting imprint on the law in areas such as civil rights , the First Amendment , the death penalty , administrative law and the separation of powers . Pat Summitt In addition to accomplishing an outstanding career as the all-time winningest leader among all NCAA basketball coaches , Summitt has taken the University of Tennessee to more Final Four appearances than any other coach and has the second best record of NCAA championships in basketball .	President Obama says all the winners had a profound impact on his life The medal is "  one more accolade of a life well lived , " Obama says The Medal of Freedom is the nation 's highest civilian honor The award was established in 1963 by President Kennedy
Atlanta  CNN  Maybe the thieves did n't know what they were stealing . A NASCAR Sprint Cup car stolen from outside the hotel where the team was staying turned up on a rural Georgia road Saturday -- the day before the scheduled race at Atlanta Motor Speedway , but not in time for the team to qualify . The No. 44 Chevrolet was in a 26-foot trailer , which was hitched to a pickup truck that was stolen early Friday morning from the hotel in Morrow , Georgia , according to its owner , Team Xtreme Racing . The car normally travels in an 18-wheeler , but the hauler arrived at the Speedway early to escape bad weather back in Charlotte , North Carolina , the team said . The car remained behind for some minor work , said the team and driver Travis Kvapil . "  It was n't quite ready to go to the racetrack yet , " Kvapil told CNN on Saturday . "  The guys had to continue to do some more work on it at the shop , so they stayed back with the car and then just sent it down a day later with the truck and smaller trailer and parked it in the hotel parking lot . " The trailer with car inside arrived at the hotel Thursday night at 11 p.m. and hotel surveillance video shows the theft occurred at 5:32 a.m. Friday , the team said . "  I bet when whoever has it , opens the trailer and is going to be like ` oh snap ' , " Kvapil tweeted Friday . Early Saturday , the team tweeted photos of the recovered orange and blue car , in the dark on the side of a road . The Chevrolet was found by itself , minus the stolen Ford truck and trailer , in Loganville , about 50 miles northeast of Atlanta Motor Speedway , the team wrote in a series of tweets Saturday . The truck was found later Saturday on the side of a road in Stockbridge , just north of the Speedway , Morrow Police Sgt. Larry Oglesby said . The driver 's side door handle was broken and there was damage to the ignition , he said . The spare motor and extra parts that had been with the car were not found , according to Team Xtreme Racing . The man who found the race car , Philip Whitmer , says he was in disbelief when he saw it a few feet off the road . It was 2:30 a.m. and he was driving to his fiancée 's house when he spotted it . "  I was like , that looks like a NASCAR  car  , " Whitmer told CNN . "  I turned around , put my headlights on it , and there it was . " Whitmer says he called police , who at first did n't believe him . In front of the car were ramps and next to it were the straps that secured the car in the trailer , he said . There were also dusty handprints above the driver 's door , he said -- though it 's not clear whether they were from the thieves . "  Obviously they are someone that knows the area -- that 's what was going through my head , " Whitmer said . "  It 's got to be someone from around here . You do n't stumble across that road . " The theft forced the team to withdraw the car from Sunday 's Folds of Honor QuickTrip 500 , which was going to be the first Sprint Cup start of the season for Kvapil . "  The biggest thing is , we found that racecar , " Kvapil said . "  It 's a small team and this  would have been  a big setback for us if that was missing . It was enough of a setback as it was , not being able to qualify and run the race at Atlanta Motor Speedway this weekend . " Kvapil said he is "  really thankful and happy for all the guys who worked so hard on this car . They put a lot of hours into it , and it would have been a real shame if it was gone . " By Saturday afternoon , the No. 44 car was back at the team 's shop in Mooresville , North Carolina , where it will be given a thorough inspection . So far , Kvapil said , "  it looks shipshape . " Team owner John Cohen said they plan to compete in the rest of the 2015 NASCAR Sprint Cup Series season . The next race is March 8 at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway . CNN 's John Newsome contributed to this report .	The No. 44 car was stolen Friday from the team 's hotel Travis Kvapil was scheduled to drive it Sunday at Atlanta Motor Speedway It was found on the side of a rural road without the trailer or spare parts
CNN  -- For the 300 fans who are accompanying talk show host Oprah Winfrey on what is being billed as the Ultimate Australian Adventure , the trip is a one-in-a-lifetime opportunity to take in the sights and wonders the country has to offer . But for Australia -- a country that heavily relies on tourism -- the investment is expected to pay off manifold in publicity , the government said Monday . The eight-day trip began last week and ends with two taped shows at the Sydney Opera House , which has been renamed Oprah House . Footing the bill for Oprah and her guests will collectively cost the government AUS $ 5 million , said Andrew McEvoy , managing director of Tourism Australia . But the value equivalent in exposure has already made it a smart investment , he said . "  Just before Oprah turned up into our country , the number was $ 38 million , " McEvoy said Monday . "  So that was three or four days ago . I can imagine that to double in the time that she 's been here . And I can imagine that to treble . " He said the number could further skyrocket next year if Oprah commits to making "  at least four hours of Oprah Winfrey television , which will go to 145 countries around the world . " Oprah and her group have visited the Great Barrier Reef , gone on a wine-tasting excursion to Hunter Valley , taken in a scenic flight over the Australian outback , partied in the Royal Botanic Gardens and trekked up the Sydney Harbour Bridge , which adorned with a big ` O ' in her honor . "  I ca n't believe the energy of Oprah herself , her crew -- they 're phenomenal , " McEvoy said , adding "  everyone is full of adrenaline . " During the media mogul 's career , many have cashed in on the "  Oprah effect , " which has launched sales of what she promotes . Oprah is in the midst of her farewell season of her show . Earlier this year , she showed her gratitude to her audience by announcing the all-expenses paid excursion . Journalist Tracey Holmes contributed to this report .	Oprah and her group are on an eight-day visit in Australia Tourism director : The Australian government will spend AUS $ 5 million He says the value equivalent in exposure is at least $ 38 million
CNN  -- The Mississippi NAACP has called on Governor Haley Barbour to publicly denounce an attempt by a Confederacy group to honor a Ku Klux Klan leader , the organization said Monday . The Sons of Confederate Veterans has launched the campaign to recognize Confederate Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest on a specialty license plate . Forrest , a popular and controversial figure , is best known as a leader of the KKK , the white supremacist group known for terrorizing blacks in the South after the Civil War . He is also praised and criticized for an 1864 raid at Fort Pillow , Tennessee , where hundreds of black Union Army members were killed during the war . The controversy over whether Forrest conducted or condoned the massacre is still a matter for heated debate . Mississippi NAACP leaders feel a state-sanctioned license plate honoring a man with ties to the KKK sends the wrong message to people in the state and across the country . "  Any individual who was a traitor to our country and our Constitution should be treated as such , " said Derrick Johnson , president of the state NAACP chapter . Forrest was a "  terrorist " whose acts were "  immoral and unconstitutional , " Johnson said . Honoring him or anyone who promoted racial hatred or violence would be offensive , he said . The NAACP is n't alone in its protest against the SCV . More than 1,700 Mississippians have joined a Facebook group called Mississippians Against The Commemoration Of Grand Wizard Nathan Forrest . The group 's website says they "  are united in sending a message to the state government of Mississippi that WE WILL NOT STAND for the public glorification of one of the original leaders of the Ku Klux Klan . " The proposal by the Sons of Confederate Veterans seeks to honor Confederate generals . "  If we ca n't hold him up to where he 's supposed to be , then nobody else is gon na do it , " group member Greg Stewart said . Forrest is being "  unfairly maligned , " he told CNN . Most historians agree that Forrest left the KKK after less than two years because the small pockets of groups were growing rapidly , were unorganized and violent . Forrest felt "  they had the right idea , but went about it the wrong way , " said Mike Martinez , a part-time political science instructor at Kennesaw State University . Despite his short stint with the Klan , Martinez said Forrest 's affiliation with the organization gave it credibility . Stewart said Forrest was chosen to be recognized not because of his time with the KKK , but for his spirit and leadership during the Civil War . His image is one in a series of five that will have to be approved on a year-by-year basis by the state legislature , Stewart said . Other Confederacy symbols to be used on license plates are Beauvoir , the Jefferson Davis Home and Presidential Library , the battle for Vicksburg , the battle of Shiloh and Confederate soldiers . One image still under consideration that may surprise many people is that Holt Collier , an African American who fought for the Confederacy and eventually served under President Theodore Roosevelt as a bear tracker . Collier is best known for the famous Mississippi hunt where Roosevelt refused to shoot a wounded bear . It became known as the "  Teddy Bear " craze . The SCV group has had a specialty license plate since 2003 . The image of a small Confederate flag was used until last year when it was redesigned . Money from the sale of the plates is used to repair state-owned historical flags . Barbour has not responded to the controversy since it began making headlines last week . He spoke this weekend at the Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington , D.C. , and is said to be setting his sights on a run for the White House in 2012 . He finished 15th in a CPAC straw poll . A call to the governor 's office from CNN on Monday has not been returned .	Confederacy group launches campaign to honor Ku Klux Klan leader Mississippi NAACP chief calls Confederate Gen. Nathan Bedford Forrest a terrorist Sons of Confederate Veterans wants to honor Confederate generals Mississippi Governor Haley Barbour has not responded to the controversy
Tokyo  CNN  -- Former Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan said he was overwhelmed and afraid during last year 's nuclear meltdown at the Fukushima Daiichi plant , acknowledging that little has been done since then to ensure that another nuclear disaster will not occur . Sounding like a fiery anti-nuclear activist , Kan Monday testified before a panel appointed by parliament to investigate the nuclear disaster . "  There was n't much information coming to me " from the government regulatory agency , NISA , or the plant 's operator , TEPCO , Kan said . "  I thought I could n't make any countermeasures in this crisis . I felt fear . " During his testimony , Kan turned a critical finger on himself , Japan 's bureaucrats and TEPCO , saying all were hoping the situation would not spiral more out of control . He said all often were more worried about protecting their jobs and turf than public safety . Kan specifically pointed to a request from TEPCO to evacuate the Fukushima plant -- a request he refused . "  The worst case scenario was that 30 million people would have to evacuate from the capital  Tokyo  , " Kan told the panel . "  That would come to within one inch of the end of this nation . " Kan said he did his best to share information with the public , but admitted there were n't many verified facts to share . Over the weekend , Yukio Edano , Kan 's former chief cabinet secretary , testified that his office rejected a U.S. offer to supply nuclear experts , saying it was "  not appropriate . " Kan told the panel that he heard about the U.S. offer after the fact , but supported Edano 's decision . Kan also spoke about Japan 's so-called "  nuclear village . " That 's the term used to describe the utilities , nuclear regulators , bureaucrats and academics who support the usage of nuclear energy in Japan . It 's a group Kan said shows no remorse for the disaster . The first priority of Japan 's new nuclear policy should be to dismantle the power of the nuclear village , along with all nuclear power plants , Kan said . "  I would like to say to the Japanese and to the world -- the safest nuclear policy is not to have any nuclear plants . "	Kan says his government refused the help of U.S. nuclear experts TEPCO wanted to evacuate its power plant during the meltdown , he says "  The safest nuclear policy is not to have any nuclear plants , " according to Kan Kan testified before a parliamentary panel Monday
EW.com  -- Simon Cowell and his music competition is n't going away anytime soon : Fox has ordered a third season of "  The X Factor . " "  I could n't be happier about ` The X Factor ' already being renewed for another season , " said Cowell in a statement . "  I am so proud of the show and the team who have made it this season . I want to thank our incredible sponsors for their support and creativity , and FOX for going out of their way to do everything they can to make this show a success . Most importantly , I have to personally thank our amazing fans for the support and enthusiasm they have given to THE X FACTOR . Our main commitment will always be to find great talent , and let 's not forget , we are now days away from our first live shows . The gloves are off ! Expect fireworks ! " Season to date , the talent show is averaging a 3.9 rating among adults 18-49 and 10.6 million viewers . Fox brags that it is a Top 15 show this fall among adults 18-49 and adults 18-34 . The conclusion of the judges round will air Tuesday at a special time from 9:30 -10:30 p.m. , when Cowell , Demi Lovato , L.A. Reid and Britney Spears reveal the 16 acts that will continue in the competition . On Nov. 1 , the 16 will perform on a special two-and-a-half hour show hosted by KhloÃ © Kardashian Odom and Mario Lopez . See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox has ordered a third season of "  The X Factor " Simon Cowell says to "  Expect fireworks " The conclusion of the judges round will air Tuesday
Washington  CNN  -- U.S. President Barack Obama met Monday night with his national security team on Afghanistan and Pakistan , the White House announced . It was the ninth meeting of the president 's war council to consider whether to send more troops to Afghanistan , as requested by the U.S. commander on the ground there . The White House made no statement after the meeting ended at 10 p.m. ET  0300 GMT  . The meeting included Vice President Joe Biden , Defense Secretary Robert Gates , Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen , Afghanistan commanding Gen. Stanley McChrystal , U.S. Ambassador to Afghanistan Karl Eikenberry and other senior officials , the White House said earlier . At the last war council meeting -- on November 11 , Veteran 's Day -- Obama pushed for revisions in proposed plans for troop increases to clarify how and when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility to the Afghan government . Obama would seek answers to the questions he posed on November 11 about "  not just how we get people there , but what 's the strategy for getting them out , " White House spokesman Robert Gibbs said before the meeting . No matter what happened at the meeting , Gibbs said , Obama will not announce a decision on troop deployment until at least next week . One option calls for sending about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in addition to the 68,000 already committed to the country , with other options involving variations of that plan , sources told CNN . Before the November 11 meeting , Gen. David Petraeus , the top U.S. military commander in the Middle East , told CNN that the decision-making process was approaching completion . Petraeus emphasized the need to focus on the mission of ensuring that Afghanistan "  does not once again become a sanctuary or safe haven for al Qaeda and the kind of transnational extremists that carried out the 9/11 attacks . " The Obama administration has expressed concerns about Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai 's viability and has ratcheted up pressure to end corruption in order to combat an intensifying Taliban insurgency . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , on a trip to Afghanistan last week to attend Karzai 's inauguration after his recent re-election , reiterated the U.S. concerns in a dinner meeting with Karzai and encouraged him to seize the "  clear window of opportunity " before him at a "  critical moment " in Afghanistan 's history . The United States and other countries are increasing their civilian presence in Afghanistan to bolster efforts to stabilize the country , the the U.S. special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan , Richard Holbrooke , told reporters on Monday . Asked about the corruption problem , Holbrooke noted that some Afghan government ministers have "  extraordinary records " of accomplishment . The United States will work with those ministers , while recognizing that years of civil war and social woes have weakened overall leadership capabilities in Afghanistan , he said . "  This is one of the main reasons we 're increasing our civilian role , " Holbrooke said . "  And it 's extremely delicate to get the mix right . We want to help the Afghans help themselves . We do not want to replace a sovereign government with internationals . " Republican opponents are pushing Obama to quickly agree to McChrystal 's reported request for up to 40,000 additional troops in Afghanistan as part of a counterinsurgency strategy . "  This wo n't be perfect or easy , but it will allow America 's fighting men and women to leave Afghanistan with honor , and it will enable Afghans to build a better , more peaceful future , " said a letter to Obama from 10 Republican senators sent on Veteran 's Day .	NEW : White House makes no statement after meeting ended Obama will not announce decision until at least next week Meeting included Biden , Gates , Mullen , McChrystal , Eikenberry , White House says Obama wanted clarification on how , when U.S. troops would turn over responsibility
CNN  -- The letter is signed "  cordially " but students who received the instruction to stop handing out condoms on campus say they were taken aback by demands they feel could go as far as threatening their rights . Various dorm rooms at Boston College in Chestnut Hill , Massachusetts , have a "  Safe Site " symbol on their door . That signifies that inside are male and female condoms , personal lubricant and safer sex information , according to BC Students for Sexual Health . "  If you are in need of condoms , you may knock  on  one of these doors and just ask ! " the group 's website says . Lizzie Jekanowski , chair of BCSSH , told CNN that the college has always been aware of the group 's activities . "  We 've had a positive and open relationship with the administration up to this point , " she said . But earlier this month , college administrators sent letters to students whose dorm room doors have the logo saying that distributing condoms on campus "  is not in concert with the mission of Boston College as a Catholic and Jesuit university . " "  Should we receive any reports that you are , in fact , distributing condoms on campus , the matter would be referred to the student conduct office for disciplinary action by the University , " concluded the letter sent by dean of students Paul J. Chebator and director of residence life George Arey . "  Private universities have the right to set their own policies and to discipline students who violate their policies . The distribution of condoms is incongruent with the university 's values and traditions , " Jack Dunn , spokesman for Boston College , told CNN on Wednesday . "  The university has commitments to uphold in regards to Catholic social teaching . Students are aware of that when they enroll here . This is a group of students who are trying to challenge those commitments in a very public manner , " he said . The BCSSH group is not recognized by the university and gets its funding elsewhere . It claims to be the only resource on the Boston College campus that provides free sexual health programming , information and physical resources for students -- mostly from dorm rooms . Every three to four weeks , the organization also hands out condoms on public sidewalks , which is what the university so vehemently opposes . Dunn said the college administration reached out repeatedly but unsuccessfully about the matter but Jekanowski said the "  abrupt e-mail " was the first warning . "  It 's disappointing that they sent a very threatening letter to individuals that are stepping up and providing resources to students that Boston College is not , " Jekanowski said . The group 's next stop was to check in with the local branch of the American Civil Liberties Union , which said Boston College could be violating the rights of students by threatening disciplinary action against them . "  While Boston College is religiously affiliated it 's not a church , " Sarah Wunsch , an attorney at ACLU of Massachusetts told CNN . "  The religious freedom is that they can speak out ; they can express their values and views and can try to persuade people of them , but not to the extent of punishing those who have a different view of contraception , " she said . For now , Jekanowski is hoping to be able to sort things out with the college . But if a legal resolution was sought , one expert says Boston College has a strong case . "  I think it 's one thing if it 's off-campus . But on campus grounds , I suspect that the university is on firm legal footing there . It does have the right to set its own policies , " Sunny Hostin , CNN legal contributor said . "  You ca n't force a private institution to allow that , " she said . Boston College is a private university , founded in 1863 , that is "  committed to maintaining , and strengthening the Jesuit , Catholic mission of the University , " according to the school 's website . A total of 14,600 students are enrolled .	Student group providing contraception says it offers a service Boston College does not But the college says they 're challenging its Catholic and Jesuit traditions The ACLU is now involved , and believes students ' rights could be being violated
Paris  CNN  -- As Paris wraps up its prêt-à-porter shows for the Autumn-Winter 2014/15 collection , young designers from across the globe are hoping to make it up one more rung of a desperately steep ladder . Tradition , quality materials , creativity and global exposure make Paris the ultimate and most desired platform for young and established designers alike . International buyers and the press tend to stay in the city longer than in New York or London and have time to visit the showrooms and recent platforms that have been created to showcase young designers , such as Designers Apartment , Tranoï or PREMIERE CLASSE . Acknowledging how little help young designers are afforded , several important prizes with varying degrees of funding have been created within the industry , the most recent and most generous being the LVMH Young Fashion Designer Prize and prizes for young fashion school graduates . Others include the ANDAM fashion award , and the International Talent Support awards  ITS  . Still , it takes a combination of artistry , an awareness of the business , psychological and physical resilience to survive the challenging obstacle course to Paris . Most of all , say designers , it takes passion . Oriane Leclercq "  You have to stay passionate , " said Oriane Leclercq , a young Belgian designer who graduated from the Brussels-based La Cambre school of visual arts in 2010 . "  I was ready for the -LSB- grueling -RSB- lifestyle because school was so difficult that I did n't have a life outside of fashion then either . " Hired 15 months ago by Maison Martin Margiela , the 26-year old said that her selection as a finalist in the International Festival of Fashion and Photography in Hyères helped her budding career immeasurably . With leading fashion companies sponsoring the festival each year , and jury members including designers Raf Simons and Proenza Schouler , and former New York Times fashion journalist Cathy Horyn , Hyères has enormous cachet and "  accelerates the process , " said Leclercq , who presented a collection in synthetic materials with touches of leopard spots and fringes in 2011 . "  But I did n't get here right away -- I worked at Lutz , a microstructure in Paris , and then at Balenciaga . It 's important to understand how things work , both in smaller structures where you work with financial constraints and you have to manage everything , and then in larger luxury structures where money is not a problem . " What is critical , said Leclercq , is to find work immediately after graduation : "  It 's a field where things move very fast and it gets harder and harder when you do n't begin right away . " Thomasine Barnekow 32-year-old glove maker Thomasine Barnekow is from southern Sweden , studied in the Netherlands and has been based in Paris since 2010 , launching her own brand , Thomasine , 18 months ago . Her sculptural gloves in materials such as leather from Icelandic salmon , hand-painted python or stingray have been included in haute couture and prêt-à-porter shows and this is her second year exhibiting independently at the PREMIERE CLASSE salon . At the Design Academy in Eindhoven she specialized in textiles and accessories , and developed the idea of working on gloves . During an internship with a luxury textile house in Paris , she came across a brochure from the federation of glove factories . After writing to every company in the brochure , Barnekow found one that helped her produce her final project at school . In 2007 she was selected as a "  talent " in the ITS competition , and was introduced to the French glove maker , Agnelle , who commissioned a collection from her just before the financial crisis . Barnekow slowly made her way towards Paris , "  which gives you a feeling of being close to inspiration , " as well as being in a country with a heritage of glove making where gloves are being rediscovered as an accessory . After creating gloves for various designers , Barnekow decided to strike out on her own . Her strategy is to grow slowly , so for example she manages her own PR for the moment , lending her gloves to young photographers in exchange for photographs . She works mostly with leather from Italy and France and has her gloves made in a factory in Hungary , which will work with small orders . Because she does everything herself , "  from design , book-keeping , production , sales , PR , trade fairs , material research etc. in the end I only have maybe 15 % time for design during the whole year . I am lucky that I am both very sociable and was very good at mathematics as a student . " Valentina Brugnatelli Although Geneva-based jewelry designer Valentina Brugnatelli has been working in luxury fashion since 1990 , she launched her own brand in 2012 , working in collaboration with two Barcelona-based designers in a collective . She had been thinking about setting up on her own for a while , and had a number of independent clients for whom she made one-off creations , but was so busy that she kept putting it off . While working at Kenzo she met the two designers with whom she set up the collective because "  it 's not easy to work alone . We each have our own distinctive brand , but we put our strengths together . We pick a theme and then interpret it in our own way . " Brugnatelli combines semi-precious stones with wood , brass , resin and enamel to make her innovative jewelry , often inspired by nature . With her own brand now , she says she has learned more in two years than during her entire time working for fashion houses . "  You need to have a scope of 360 degrees , you have to control everything -- marketing , PR , pricing , all of a sudden you have be an accountant as well . " Salons like PREMIERE CLASSE are a good way to meet people , says Brugnatelli , who will rent a space there for her summer collection . "  They organize parties and you can meet other designers . We can share our struggles with each other , which is reassuring since everyone puts so much passion and love into what they are doing and yet it 's easy to have doubts . It 's really a psychological and financial rollercoaster . You have to have energy and believe in yourself . " See : The Congo 's cult of elegance Watch : Karl Lagerfeld on fashion trends	Young fashion designers from across the world are gathering in Paris for the Autumn-Winter collection show . Three start-up designers share their story about how did they make their own way in the capital of fashion .
CNN  -- Al-Jazeera broadcast on Thursday an audiotape on which a voice identified as Osama bin Laden declares "  Iraq is the perfect base to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine . " Terrorist leader Osama bin Laden spoke on a video released by al Qaeda in September . The voice calls on "  Muslims in neighboring countries " to "  do their best in supporting their mujahedeen brothers in Iraq . " "  My speech to you is about the siege of Gaza and the way to liberate it , " he said . "  The Gaza siege is a direct result of Annapolis , " he adds , apparently referring to the site of November 's summit in Annapolis , Maryland , where Israeli and Palestinian leadership agreed to work toward a two-state plan . He accused Arabs who supported the plan of having become "  partners in this horrendous crime . " And he predicted , "  Palestine will be restored to us , with God 's permission , when we wake up from our slumber and adhere to our faith and sacrifice our souls and belongings for it . " The speaker called for armed revolt in the Middle East . "  Palestine and its people have been suffering from too much bitterness for almost a century now on the hands of the Christians and the Jews . And both parties did n't take Palestine from us by negotiations and dialogue , but with arms and fire , and this is the only way to take it back , " he said . Though the voice sounds like bin Laden , CNN has not been able to confirm that it is him . However , a radical Islamist Web site reported earlier Wednesday that a statement from bin Laden was coming soon . The notice appeared on Al-Ekhlaas , known for carrying statements and videos from al Qaeda and its allies . Analysis of previous statements has indicated that bin Laden was the speaker , and a U.S. intelligence official said there was no reason to think the recorded voice was not bin Laden 's . The broadcast comes a day after another statement attributed to the al Qaeda leader condemned European countries for siding with the United States in Afghanistan and for allowing the publication of cartoons considered insulting to Islam 's prophet , Mohammed . "  This is the greater and more serious tragedy , and the reckoning for it will be more severe , " the speaker in the five-minute audio recording says . The speaker said Muslims have not responded by mocking Jesus , whom they consider a prophet as well . "  The laws of men which clash with the legislation of Allah the Most High are null and void , are n't sacred and do n't matter to us , " he said . The speaker dismissed claims of free speech in his statement , citing European countries ' laws against denying the existence of the Holocaust . Bin Laden also said in his earlier message that "  the crownless king in Riyadh " -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah -- could have prevented the publication of the cartoons "  if it mattered to him . " "  If there is no check on the freedom of your words , then let your hearts be open to the freedom of our actions , " he said . Bin Laden , who was behind the terrorist network 's September 11 attacks , has been in hiding since the U.S. assault on Afghanistan that followed those strikes . His last public statement was an audio message issued in December , when he urged his followers in Iraq to continue battling U.S. troops there . Wednesday marked the fifth anniversary of the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq . The latest statement included no date reference beyond the cartoon controversy , which began in late 2005 when a Danish newspaper published a dozen cartoons about Islam , including one that depicted Mohammed wearing a turban resembling a bomb . Violent protests erupted in early 2006 after other European newspapers reprinted the images as a matter of free speech . Some Muslims believe it is forbidden by the Quran to show an image of the prophet at all , and others were offended that the cartoon by artist Kurt Westergaard appeared to depict Mohammed as a terrorist . Westergaard said he wanted his cartoon to say that some people exploited the prophet to legitimize terror . Several newspapers in Denmark reprinted the controversial cartoons in February after Danish authorities arrested several people who were said to be plotting a "  terror-related assassination " of the cartoonist . That sparked violent protests in three Afghan cities this month , with Muslim students burning flags and chanting anti-Western statements . The message said the publication of the drawings in question "  came in the framework of a new crusade in which the Pope of the Vatican has played a large , lengthy role . " Pope Benedict is scheduled to visit the United States next month , with scheduled stops at the White House , the United Nations and Ground Zero , where the Twin Towers stood until al Qaeda 's attack . Deputy Commissioner Paul J. Browne of the New York City Police Department said the department "  has been working closely with the United States Secret Service to provide the highest level of protection possible " during the Pope 's visit to New York . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Octavia Nasr and Pam Benson contributed to this report .	NEW : Speaker : My speech is about "  siege of Gaza and the way to liberate it " NEW : Iraq base is ideal "  to set up the jihad to liberate Palestine , " he says NEW : Bin Laden allegedly urges support for "  mujahedeen brothers in Iraq " The identity of the speaker has not been confirmed by CNN
CNN  -- Sri Lanka 's coconut development minister has banned the felling of coconut trees in an effort to increase coconut production in the face of a severe shortage . Minister Jagath Pushpakumara said that over the past few years , coconut production has decreased because coconut palms are being cut down . He was addressing a media briefing Monday at the Government Information Department . The ban requires that approval for cutting coconut trees be obtained from the provincial managers of the Coconut Development Board . The ban will not apply to trees affected by the coconut leaf wilt disease in the Weligama area on the nation 's southern coast . Sri Lanka 's annual coconut production is 2.7 billion nuts , and the ministry expects to increase this to 3.5 billion , Pushpakumara said . In an effort to curb a coconut black market , the Sri Lankan government last week set a ceiling retail price of 30 rupees  27 US cents  per coconut in state-owned stores , but stocks quickly sold out and then reappeared at more than double the price on the black market . The island nation-state in the Indian Ocean is approximately the size of the state of West Virginia and has a population of 21.3 million . The island counts coconuts as a dietary staple and one of its biggest exports , along with trademarked Ceylon tea and rubber .	Sri Lanka acts to boost coconut production , which has been dropping Permission is required to cut coconut trees An effort to cut the black market on coconuts is being undercut
Few people would use the word "  fantastic " to describe a visit to Fukushima , the site of Japan 's 2011 nuclear disaster . But Lady Barbara Judge is not just anybody . Judge , a 66-year-old lawyer and businesswoman with dual British and American citizenship , has been called in by the Tokyo Electric Power Company  TEPCO  , the company behind the Fukushima , to help relaunch Japan 's nuclear power program , which was suspended completely in March 2011 . On March 11 , 2011 , Japan suffered its largest recorded earthquake and tsunami , which killed thousands and devastated parts of the country . Seawater flooded the Fukushima nuclear power planted and caused loss of cooling and partial meltdown in three reactor units . The nuclear accident was eventually classified at Level 7 , the highest on the International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale , and the authorities evacuated residents within a 20-kilometer radius of the plant . Judge visited Fukushima Saturday to talk to workers in her new role as deputy chairman of TEPCO 's Nuclear Reform Monitoring Committee . "  It was fantastic , " she said . "  It was absolutely hope and enthusiasm , not despair . " Judge met TEPCO employees , some of whom had been on duty on the day of the accident and others who had been working at the plant ever since to clean up the debris and radiation and to make the site fit to reopen . "  I was extremely impressed that these people were so dedicated , " said Judge . "  They were heroes . " She added : "  I was amazed at how much work had been done to clear up the site and the high aspiration to make the site the safest in the world . " Judge , who was chairman of the UK Atomic Energy Authority for two years from 2004 , is relishing the unenviable task of helping TEPCO restore its nuclear energy production . Despite her experience , she knows she was an outsider for her new role at TEPCO . "  Choosing a foreign woman was an important decision  for TEPCO  because women are not often seen at the senior executive level of business in Japan , " she said . Judge 's first tasks in Japan are helping TEPCO change its safety culture and restore public confidence . "  It is a very big challenge because , before the accident , there was a very close relationship between the nuclear regulator and the plant operators , " said Judge . "  They all knew each other , had been educated together , and therefore there was no competitive regulatory tension . " "  We need to change the culture so that people will be praised and rewarded for pointing out problems . They used to be afraid to say that anything was wrong . " On Judge 's first visit to Fukushima Saturday , she was particularly keen to talk to women , who she believes are likely to be the strongest opponents of nuclear power . She said : "  Approximately 20,000 lives were lost as a result of the earthquake and tsunami , but not one of those who died did so as a result of radiation . And radiation experts believe that no-one will die from radiation . " Estimates about the health impact of radiation have varied hugely . One study , by John Hoeve and Mark Jacobson at Stanford University estimated there could be 130 additional cancer deaths , mostly in Japan , as a result of the radiation . Kathryn Higley , head of Nuclear Engineering & Radiation Health Physics at Oregon State University said , in a July 2012 interview with CNN , that although the methods of the Hoeve and Jacobson study were standard , there is still uncertainty around them . Given how much cancer already exists in the world , it would be very difficult to prove that anyone 's cancer was caused by the incident at Fukushima Daiichi . World Health Organization estimates that 7.8 million people died worldwide in 2008 , so 130 out of that number is quite small , she added . A United Nations scientific body is carrying out a full inquiry , but its interim findings found no serious impact on health . " Working on nuclear power is the latest twist in a career that has taken Judge from law to banking , to countless boardrooms . In the 1980s , she was the youngest ever commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  SEC  and the first female director of a British merchant bank . Her title comes from her second marriage to Sir Paul Judge , former director general of the British Conservative Party , who juggles a similarly vast array of titles in business and public bodies . Judge -- then Barbara Thomas -- started her career as a star law student at New York University with a drive to succeed inherited from her mother . "  Originally , when I told my mother I wanted to be an actress she said that we did n't need any starving actresses in the family , and , if I wanted to act , I should do it in front of a jury and become a lawyer , " she said . "  My mother was the smartest person I know and she fundamentally believed that women should have a career to offer them the opportunity to be independent . " Judge 's graduation coincided with a push to get more women into big , American law firms and with her top grades , she was able to secure several offers . "  I worked extremely hard , often until 3am , but it paid off as I became a partner in my law firm by the time I was 31 , " she said . At the age of 33 , Judge became the youngest ever commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  SEC  . "  That was the big break that changed my life , " she said . Also on Leading Women : The British-born artist who became one of India 's leading talents While at the SEC , Judge had her son , Lloyd Thomas , and took only 12 days off work , returning on day 13 to give a speech to 200 brokers . "  My mother always told me that as long as you have good childcare , you could have a career -- in fact , a good job was harder to find than a good nanny , " she said . "  I have a wonderful relationship with my son and he is proud of the fact that I worked full time , even when he was young . "  You can have a serious career and also be a serious mother . " In 1983 , after three years at the SEC , Judge 's first husband relocated to Hong Kong , so she got a job as the first woman director of a British merchant bank , Samuel Montague & Co , to join him in what was then a British territory . "  It was very much a boys ' club and it was difficult to be accepted , particularly as an American woman trained as a lawyer , not a banker . " Thirty years on , Judge is still working at the same furious pace and gets up before 5.30 am every day to work before breakfast . She plans to take after her mother , who did not retire from her job as a university associate dean until the age of 87 . The owner of a resume littered with firsts -- rising to the top of a man 's world in the 1970s and 80s -- Judge will inevitably be described as a pioneer for women . "  I feel more like a pioneer now than I did when it was happening , " she said . "  I never really thought of myself as a ` woman ' in the context of my professional life , I only thought I was a ` person . ' " "  The real pioneer was my mother . "	Tokyo Electric Power Company asks Lady Barbara Judge to help rebuild nuclear power post Fukushima Lady Judge is a British-American lawyer and banker who led UK Atomic Energy Authority In 1980s , she was youngest ever commissioner of U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and first female director of British merchant bank
CNN  -- As Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visited the U.N. General Assembly in New York last month , the spotlight was once again on Iran . And true to form , the Iranian president made his fair share of provocative statements for the Western media . But while Ahmadinejad 's mercurial rants captured our media 's attention , back in Iran a coordinated strategy against the women 's movement continued . On the eve of Ahmadinejad 's arrival to New York , Shiva Nazar Ahari , a prominent young female defender of human rights , received a heavy sentence of six years in prison on charges including the vague crime of "  waging war against God " -- a convenient catch-all offense for anyone who criticizes the regime and its human rights record . There 's no denying it -- Iran 's women have had a bad year . Nazar Ahari joins a steadily increasing number of other women 's rights activists who are in prison for no greater crime than their attempt to fight for the rights of the women . Hengameh Shahidi , Alieh Eghdam Doust , Bahareh Hedayat and Mahdiyeh Golrou have all been sent to Tehran 's notorious Evin Prison on trumped-up charges related to their activism . And while Nobel Peace Prize laureate Shirin Ebadi , arguably the most internationally recognized Iranian women 's rights activist , remains unable to safely return to her country , the government is targeting those affiliated with her for arrest and imprisonment , including her lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh and her former aide Jinous Sobhani . Since the 2009 disputed elections and associated government crackdown on the overall reform movement , the government has increasingly targeted women activists . The reasons behind this go well beyond the misogynist nature of Iran 's religious leadership . Rather , it is more part of a deliberate and calculated strategy of the Iranian authorities to strike at the heart of the regime 's greatest vulnerability -- internal legitimacy with its own people . See more CNN.com opinion articles Iran 's government recognizes and fears the broader power of the women activists who have been on the front line of reform in Iran for more than a decade . One can roughly draw an analogy between the women 's movement in Iran to movements of religious groups in Burma or Tibet , or the labor "  solidarity " movements in the former Eastern bloc and associated labor-Roman Catholic solidarity in Poland -- all advocating initially for the freedoms of a specific group but which provoked government fears for their transformative power to promote broader human rights progress . While the outside world occasionally reacts to the most egregious manifestations of Iran 's repression of women -- such as the international condemnation associated with Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani , an Iranian widow sentenced to stoning on charges of alleged adultery -- these events are often portrayed simply as a consequence of the regime 's archaic viewpoint about gender . However , the government 's direct targeting of women goes beyond chauvinism and is an integral part of a strategy to quell any momentum for larger internal reform . Women activists in Iran have worked for years at the ground level to promote internal change . Although Iran 's women suffered a significant setback with the imposition of discriminatory laws following the 1979 revolution , an ease in restrictions during Mohammad Khatami 's presidential term in the late 1990s and early 2000s allowed women to organize around reforms and emerge as a formidable grass-roots force in civil society . Women-led campaigns to collect signatures in support of reform of gender discriminatory laws and protest the stoning of women formed and grew rapidly , attracting many members and international attention . In the years that followed , women were often at the forefront of staging public protests . During the presidential election campaign in 2009 , women activists , drawing on their grass roots and organizational experience , played a critical role in shaping and influencing the political platforms of the opposition candidates . So when the government set out to suppress the larger civil unrest that broke out in Iran 's major cities after the election , it set its sights on a perceived catalyst for this unrest -- the well-established women 's movement . In the mass indictments issued in August 2009 by Tehran 's prosecutor general , women were identified as an element of an alleged "  soft " revolution . Women 's rights activists report that government interrogators warned them to cease their activities and accused them of supplying the political opposition with organizational and leadership skills and knowledge . Today the regime continues to systematically target the women 's movement , whose leading campaigners are being silenced , imprisoned and exiled in increasing numbers . It 's not sufficient for members of the international community to speak up only occasionally at the most shocking manifestations of the Iranian regime 's targeting of women . Rather , a sustained , consistent and broader campaign must be waged that seeks to promote and give voice to the major catalysts of comprehensive human rights progress in Iran -- its brave women activists . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Gissou Nia .	Women 's rights activist Shiva Nazar Ahari serving six years for "  waging war against God " Nia : Women 's rights activists are imprisoned for no crime other than fighting for women 's rights Nia believes Iran targets women activists to curb any momentum for larger internal reform Women activists have been on the front line of reform in Iran for more than a decade
HERMOSILLO , Mexico  CNN  -- President Felipe Calderon traveled to Hermosillo on Saturday to meet with health officials as the death toll of a day care center fire there grew to 38 children . A crib and baby seats lie outside a day care center Friday in Hermosillo , Mexico , as police cordon off the area . The cause of Friday 's blaze remained unknown , but investigators concluded that the fire did not start inside the ABC Day Care , Eduardo Bours , the governor of Sonora state said . As of Saturday night , 23 children remained hospitalized , 15 of them in critical condition , Sonora spokesman Daniel Duran told CNN . Another 10 children had been transported to other hospitals : eight to Guadalajara , one to Ciudad Obregon , and one to Sacramento , California . A team of 29 medical experts in Hermosillo were deciding if any more victims would be moved to the Shriners Hospital in Sacramento , or elsewhere . In addition , six adults were injured , Duran said . "  Without a doubt this is the worst disaster we 've had , " Bours told CNN . The president arrived with Interior Secretary Fernando Gomez Mont and Health Secretary Jose Angel Cordova to get firsthand updates from doctors and investigators , the state news agency Notimex reported . Calderon ordered the nation 's attorney general to investigate the blaze . Most of the victims died from smoke inhalation and not burns , Bours said . But the fire was enough for the roof to collapse , he added . At the time of the blaze , 142 children were inside the ABC Day Care . The day care is for children ages 2 to 4 , but Bours confirmed that children even younger were among the victims . All the children at the day care had been accounted for by Saturday evening , Bours said . A severely burned 3-year-old girl arrived Saturday at the Sacramento hospital -- where pediatric burn treatment is a specialty -- and was in critical condition , according to Dr. Tina Palmieri , assistant chief of the burn unit . The child was burned over 80 percent of her body , the doctor told reporters . She said the hospital normally can save just over half of the children with burns that severe . In Hermosillo , a large crowd gathered outside of the emergency entrance of the city 's general hospital and many people consoled each other , video from the scene showed . "  They told me that this happened in a matter of five minutes , " Hermosillo Mayor Ernesto Gandara told reporters after surveying the scene .	NEW : President Felipe Calderon travels to Hermosillo to meet with health officials NEW : Officials believe blaze did not start in center ; attorney general to investigate NEW : 23 children remained hospitalized , 15 of them in critical condition One child admitted to Shriners Hospitals in Sacramento , California
CNN  -- President Obama on Tuesday outlined an ambitious agenda that requires "  significant resources , " even as he aims to halve the deficit by the end of his first term . President Obama says the United States will overcome its current economic struggles . In his first speech to a joint session of Congress , Obama said it 's time to act boldly not just to revive the economy , but "  to build a new foundation for lasting prosperity . " "  While the cost of action will be great , I can assure you that the cost of inaction will be far greater , " he said . The president struck an optimistic tone , asserting that "  we will rebuild , we will recover , and the United States of America will emerge stronger than before . " Obama focused on the three priorities of the budget he will present to Congress later this week : energy , health care and education . The president said he sees his budget as a "  vision for America -- as a blueprint for our future , " but not something that will solve every problem or address every issue . Watch Obama lay out his plan to "  save our children from debt " " "  It reflects the stark reality of what we 've inherited -- a trillion dollar deficit , a financial crisis , and a costly recession , " he said . Obama said his administration already has identified $ 2 trillion in government spending cuts that can be made over the next decade . See video highlights of the speech , issue by issue " The president touted the $ 787 billion stimulus plan he signed into law last week , saying it will invest in areas critical to the country 's economic recovery . He also made bold promises for what these investments will achieve . Obama predicted that because of the recovery plan , the United States will double its supply of renewable energy in the next three years . He also said the country will invest $ 15 billion a year to develop technology for green energy . Grade Obama 's speech " Obama also pledged a "  historic commitment " to health care and said the recovery plan could lead to a cure for cancer . He also promised the "  largest investment ever " in preventive care . On education , Obama set a goal of having the highest college graduation rate in the world by 2020 . He pointed to the billions for education -- from early childhood education expansion to college-loan programs -- in the economic stimulus package to ensure that every child has access to education "  from the day they are born to the day they begin a career . " Obama also said his budget will pay for more soldiers and Marines , increase their pay and expand veterans health care and benefits . iReport.com : Did Obama really deliver ? Obama said the recovery plans already in the works are immediate steps to revive the economy in the short-term , "  but the only way to fully restore America 's economic strength is to make the long-term investments that will lead to new jobs , new industries , and a renewed ability to compete with the rest of the world . " "  Slowly , but surely , confidence will return , and our economy will recover , " he said , asking Congress to join him in "  doing whatever proves necessary because we can not consign our nation to an open-ended recession . " Obama promised to reform the regulatory system to "  ensure that a crisis of this magnitude never happens again . " The president also signaled that he was willing to take on entitlements , saying that Congress must take on the growing costs of Medicare and Social Security . Obama described the nation 's financial woes as a "  reckoning " for poor decisions made by both government and individuals . Watch what Obama says about the "  day of reckoning " " "  A surplus became an excuse to transfer wealth to the wealthy instead of an opportunity to invest in our future , " Obama said . "  Regulations were gutted for the sake of a quick profit at the expense of a healthy market . People bought homes they knew they could n't afford from banks and lenders who pushed those bad loans anyway . And all the while , critical debates and difficult decisions were put off for some other time on some other day . " Noting that is easy to "  become cynical and doubtful , " Obama said he has learned that "  hope is found in unlikely places . " Obama avoided lofty rhetoric and instead used examples of specific people to personalize his points . Abess is a bank president from Miami , Florida , who reportedly cashed out of his company , took a $ 60 million bonus and distributed it among people who had worked for him . Bethea is an eighth-grade girl from South Carolina who , in a letter to lawmakers , asked for help for her school and said , "  We are not quitters . " Watch Obama talk about Bethea saying "  We are not quitters " " While the economy was the focus of the speech , Obama also touched on foreign policy . The president said he 'll soon be laying out specifics on how to win the war in Afghanistan and end the one in Iraq . "  We are now carefully reviewing our policies in both wars , and I will soon announce a way forward in Iraq that leaves Iraq to its people and responsibly ends this war , " he said . Watch the entire speech " Meanwhile , he said , both Afghanistan and its border with Pakistan will remain a key focus . Because Obama 's presidency is just a month old , the speech is not technically considered a State of the Union address . The annual State of the Union speech is delivered in the House of Representatives before members of both the House and the Senate as well as the justices of the Supreme Court , the president 's Cabinet and international dignitaries . CNN 's Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	"  We will rebuild , we will recover , " Obama says Obama 's budget priorities are energy , health care and education Obama says budget will pay for more soldiers and Marines Gov. Jindal calls stimulus bill "  irresponsible " in GOP response
CNN  -- The Jonas Brothers have canceled a planned concert in Monterrey , Mexico , they announced Thursday , following an outbreak of drug-related violence there . The pop trio said they were saddened not to be going through with the show , scheduled for October 21 . "  While they wish to apologize to everyone who planned to attend the concert , this difficult decision was made out of their great affection and concern for their loyal fans in the region , " their management said in a statement . The Disney-backed boy band will go ahead with concerts in Guadalajara on October 23 and Mexico City the following day , the statement said . Monterrey tickets can be exchanged for tickets to those concerts or refunded at the place of purchase . Moneterrey has seen a wave of violence as rival drug gangs battle each other and the police . There have been at least three grenade attacks this month . One was thrown at a police station on October 10 , wounding four police officers . Fourteen people , including eight children , were injured when a grenade was thrown in a public square in front of a city hall on October 3 , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing local officials . At least three grenades were thrown in the vicinity of the U.S. consulate in Monterrey late on October 1 , a consulate employee told CNN the next morning . The consulate does not appear to have been the target . A local newspaper reported that a guard at a local courthouse was injured by shrapnel in that incident . Monterrey is one of Mexico 's leading business centers . It is the capital of the state of Nuevo Leon , which has witnessed much violence as rival drug cartels fight with each other over lucrative smuggling routes and with the federal authorities .	Monterrey , Mexico , has seen at least three grenade attacks this month Rival drug gangs are battling each other and the police The boy band said the "  difficult decision was made out of their great affection and concern for fans "
CNN  Myanmar warplanes fighting rebels dropped a bomb at a sugarcane field in China , killing four civilians , the latter 's state media reported Saturday . In addition to the fatalities , nine others were wounded , according to Xinhua news agency . Shortly after the incident Friday , China sent fighter jets to patrol over their shared border . The jets are there to "  track , monitor , warn and chase away " Myanmar military planes , China 's air force told state media . China summoned Myanmar 's ambassador in Beijing after the incident in the border city of Lincang . Liu Zhenmin , the vice foreign minister for China , called on Myanmar to investigate and bring those behind the attack to justice . Myanmar forces have been battling ethnic separatist rebels in the rugged border region across from Yunnan province . In recent incidents , stray gunfire has damaged property on the Chinese side of the border , prompting Beijing to warn Myanmar to ensure safety . There was no immediate reaction from Myanmar .	China sends fighter jets to patrol over border with Myanmar following the incident Report : In addition to the fatalities , nine others were wounded
Rolling Stone  -- A rare combination of angelic delicacy and extraordinary power , Art Garfunkel 's voice has lent reverie and wonder to songs for nearly 50 years . This two-CD set , lovingly curated by Garfunkel himself , collects 34 examples of his best work , beginning with Simon and Garfunkel classics such as "  The Sound of Silence " and "  Bridge Over Troubled Water " and moving through solo standouts like his gossamer version of the Beach Boys ' "  Disney Girls . " It 's a revelation from start to finish . One of "  The Singer 's " particular pleasures is its nonchronological sequence ; when a live rendition of "  For Emily , Wherever I May Find Her " surprisingly emerges between the elegant New York reminiscence of "  Perfect Moment " and Garfunkel 's duet with James Taylor on the Everly Brothers ' "  Crying in the Rain , " it hits with all its original power . Two previously unreleased songs , "  Lena " and "  Long Way Home , " stand up well in this impressive company . Finally , "  The Singer " is a masterpiece of subtlety . Garfunkel is obviously capable of bravura moments , as on Jimmy Webb 's "  Skywriter , " but he 's a master of restraint . This set 's impact , then , results from the numberless graceful choices Garfunkel makes as a performer , allowing his voice to serve these evocative songs while letting them serve as vehicles for his peerless voice . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The two-CD set collects 34 examples of Art Garfunkel 's best work Two previously unreleased songs , "  Lena " and "  Long Way Home , " stand up well in this impressive company Garfunkel 's "  The Singer " is a masterpiece of subtlety
Editor 's note : CNN.com 's Wayne Drash writes about his maniacal love for University of Memphis basketball . Memphis , North Carolina , UCLA and Kansas play in the Final Four this weekend . Drash says the Memphis team can help heal the city 's old wounds . CNN.com 's Wayne Drash , left , says he 's been hooked on University of Memphis basketball since he was a kid . ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- My love for University of Memphis basketball is completely irrational . I never went to school there and have no affiliation with the university . But I bleed Tiger blue . My dad used to take my brothers and me to Memphis games as a kid , and I 've been hooked ever since . We once bought tickets from a scalper for six bucks apiece against arch-rival the University of Louisville in the 1980s . My dad complained we paid too much . But then we moved in seventh grade . I became an even bigger fan after we left the city . I 'd huddle over my AM radio , hooked up with a coat hanger wrapped in aluminum foil as an antenna . More than 350 miles away , I managed to pick up the then-Memphis State games through the crackle and static of the radio . Memphis basketball was my only way to remain connected to my youth and the city that I loved . That was 1985 , the last time Memphis made the Final Four . Is your team in the Final Four ? Send your iReport celebratory photos Back then , Memphis was led by a phenom named Keith Lee . He was best known for a sweet baseline jumper as soft as the nylon nets he swished . He was also known for his giant Afro . He was listed as 6 feet 10 inches . The joke was if you included his wild hairdo , he was 7-4 . When my parents were away at work , sometimes I 'd sneak into my mom 's cabinet , steal her mousse and then put it in my hair . Then this white kid would go out back and shoot hoops for hours , hair sticking straight out like I stuck my finger in a socket . It was the only way I could be like Lee , my hero and idol . Back then , Memphians would rank Lee right up there with Elvis Presley as the city 's most popular icons . Many still do . And that 's the thing about Tiger basketball . In a place where race has often divided so much of it , Memphis basketball has helped unite the city . As a boy , white and black kids would crowd the basketball court at Tiger games to try to snatch the players ' sweatbands as they raced into the locker room . Up until I graduated from high school , the sweatbands of Phillip "  Doom " Haynes and Baskerville "  Batman " Holmes sat on my shelf in my room . Like a fan of any team , there have been good and bad times over the years . But sometimes the pain of being a Tiger fan is that much greater . Tragedy and heartbreak are part of it , such as when Holmes killed his girlfriend and then himself in 1997 . Other players , such as Aaron Price and A. Maceo Battle , have died far too young along the way , furthering the pain of being a fan . Larry Finch -- who as a black player brought together the city and took Memphis to its only national championship game in 1973 , and later became one of its greatest coaches -- has lived much of the past few years in a rehabilitation center after suffering severe strokes . In some ways , that 's what makes Memphis basketball so special . Memphis players embody the real life of so many Americans , many faced with extreme hard times . Some succeed ; some do n't . Others , such as Finch , keep on fighting . I do n't find it an accident that Memphis is now seeking history the same week of the 40th anniversary of the assassination of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. "  I think Dr. King would find this a source of joy , " the Rev. Jesse Jackson told the team this week , according to the Memphis Commercial Appeal newspaper . A city that has seen so much pain , so much heartache , has something huge to celebrate -- all revolving around young college kids and a bouncy orange ball . The adage is that sports often have the ability to transcend the moment . This is one of those times . To get to the championship game Monday night , Memphis must first get past UCLA , the same team that defeated it in that 1973 title game . While much of the rest of the nation has the team pegged to lose , the Tigers -- for one shining moment -- have a chance to do something really special . They 'd have it no other way . As for me ? I wo n't be listening on my old radio , but this weekend I might just try sporting that ` do like Keith Lee . The opinions expressed in this piece are solely those of the writers . E-mail to a friend	University of Memphis basketball has brought together whites , blacks , fan says Memphis team has a chance to do something really special in Final Four , he says Memphis players embody struggle and aspirations of many Americans , fan says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican National Committee Chairman Mike Duncan formally denounced on Thursday the Tennessee Republican Party 's use of Barack Obama 's full name in a recent news release questioning the Illinois senator 's commitment to Israel . "  The RNC rejects these kinds of campaign tactics , " Duncan said in a statement . "  We believe this election needs to be about the critical issues confronting our nation . " The statement in question , which was released Monday , said the state party is joining a "  growing chorus of Americans concerned about the future of the nation of Israel ... if Sen. Barack Hussein Obama is elected president of the United States . " It also included a photograph of Obama from a 2006 trip to Kenya , in which he is dressed in traditional attire . The news release was sparked by recent praise for the senator from Nation of Islam Leader Louis Farrakhan , who has made derogatory remarks about Judaism and has indicated his support for Obama . At Tuesday night 's MSNBC debate , Obama said he denounced those comments and did not seek Farrakhan 's support . On Wednesday night , the party removed both the photo and the reference of "  Hussein " from the statement after Tennessee Sen. Lamar Alexander called to express his belief that using them had become a distraction , Tennessee GOP Communications Director Bill Hobbs said . The news release now includes a clarification that reads , "  This release originally referenced a photo of Sen. Obama and incorrectly termed it to be ` Muslim ' garb . It is , in fact , Somali tribal garb , hence , we have deleted the photo . Also , in order to diffuse attempts by Democrats and the Left to divert attention from the main point of this release -- that Sen. Obama has surrounded himself with advisers and received endorsements from people who are anti-Semitic and anti-Israel -- we have deleted the use of Barack Obama 's middle name . " Hobbs said Thursday that the party will no longer use Obama 's middle name in news releases . "  We 're not going to be using the middle name now , because apparently , it 's become a distraction , " he said . "  But I would note , not too long ago , I saw a wire story out of the Middle East that talked about how a lot of people there are hungry for Obama to win and , in part , because his middle name gives him a connection , and that story used his middle name , so we 're not the first people to notice and use his middle name . " Hobbs denied that the use of Obama 's full name carried any racial overtones but said he was n't surprised the statement has caused such an uproar . "  The left always finds something to pick at other than to describe the issues ; we 're not surprised at all . " The news release , however , drew a sharp rebuke Wednesday from Tennessee Democratic Party Chairman Gray Sasser , who said it "  amplifies misinformation , discredited tall tales and Internet innuendo to appeal to the worst in people . " Though it was issued Monday , the release came under fresh scrutiny Wednesday after conservative talk radio host Bill Cunningham repeatedly used Obama 's full name at a John McCain campaign event in Cincinnati , Ohio , while describing Obama as a "  hack Chicago-style Daley politician " who had yet to be challenged by the media . Watch CNN 's interview with Cunningham " And McCain , who on Tuesday denounced Cunningham 's remarks , also indicated Wednesday evening that he disapproved of the news release . Watch McCain apologize for the remarks " "  This will be a respectful debate , " the Arizona senator said in San Antonio . "  I have pledged if I am able to secure the nomination of my party , it will be a respectful debate ; I will continue to treat Sen. Clinton and Sen. Obama with respect , just as I have treated my primary opponents with great respect . " E-mail to a friend	Committee chairman says statement is "  distraction " from big issues "  The RNC rejects these kinds of campaign tactics , " Duncan says News release also included a photograph of Obama in Kenyan garb
CNN  -- A white tiger mauled a zookeeper to death at a New Zealand wildlife park Wednesday as a group of tourists watched in horror , police say . The zookeeper at Zion Wildlife Gardens in New Zealand could not be saved by other staff . The attack took place at the Zion Wildlife Gardens near Whangarei , about three hours north of Auckland . Two zookeepers had gone in to clean an enclosure at the park , when one of two white tigers inside lunged at a keeper , said Sarah Kennett , spokeswoman for Northland Police . The second keeper and other zoo staff tried to pull the tiger off the man but failed . He died shortly after , Kennett said . The tiger was put down , the park said . Watch park officials , visitors react " A group of eight tourists who were on a guided tour of the park witnessed the Wednesday morning attack , Kennett said . "  This is an incredibly sad day , " the park said in a statement , adding that it would provide counseling to its employees . The Zion Wildlife Gardens is home to several endangered tigers and lions . It is best known in New Zealand as the setting for the popular television series "  Lion Man . " In February , an employee needed surgery after he was attacked by a white tiger , according to local media reports . Last year , the country 's Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry released documents to CNN affiliate TVNZ that said animals at the park were kept in crowded , unsanitary conditions . Inspectors were so concerned about the conditions that they considered having 40 cats put down , the documents said .	White tiger mauls a zookeeper to death at a New Zealand wildlife park Attack happened in front of group of tourists Another keeper and zoo staff tried to pull the tiger off the man but failed
Washington  CNN  -- Car owners who have replaced a vehicle 's airbag in the past three years , take note : That new airbag could be an unsafe fake . Federal officials on Wednesday warned motorists and auto shops that counterfeit airbags pose a danger to consumers , saying the bags could fail to deploy or even hurt people in car wrecks . Concerns over counterfeit airbags heightened last month when authorities tested 10 fake airbags seized as part of a criminal investigation . All 10 failed , authorities said . Some failed to inflate , others partially inflated and one exploded , showering the crash test dummy with metal shrapnel . To date , there are no known injuries or deaths resulting from the counterfeits , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said . But officials said they fear the counterfeits could hurt motorists and passengers if they go undetected . "  These seemingly genuine airbags are in fact shoddy fakes , " said John Morton , director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement , which seized 2,500 counterfeit airbags during fiscal 2012 . "  These airbags do n't work . They 're not going to save you in an accident . They are a fraud and a danger from start to finish , and you do n't want them in your car , period . " Officials cautioned that only a small fraction of all cars -- estimated at 0.1 % -- have the counterfeit airbags . "  They are good fakes . They look like the real thing , " said David Strickland , administrator of National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . "  And frankly , a consumer is not going to be in a position to figure out whether they have a fake or a real airbag . " The agency said the following people may be most at risk : -- Those who have had airbags replaced in the past three years at a repair shop that is not part of a new car dealership . -- Those who have purchased a used car but are not familiar with its history . -- Those who own a car with a title branded salvage , rebuilt or reconstructed . -- Those who have purchased replacement airbags over the Internet , especially at unusually low prices , such as less than $ 400 . If motorists suspect they may have a counterfeit airbag , they should contact call centers established by car manufacturers to have their vehicles inspected . A list of call centers is available at www.SaferCar.gov . Government and industry officials noted that consumers will bear the cost of inspections . "  The bad actors here are the counterfeiters , " said A. Bailey Wood Jr. , a spokesman for the National Automobile Dealers Association . Wood estimated the cost of inspecting airbags at between $ 100 and $ 200 , and the cost of replacing a steering wheel airbag at between $ 750 and $ 1,000 . "  And some cars have eight airbags , " he said . Strickland said his agency is working with automakers to develop a system to verify authentic replacement parts and to raise awareness of the potential risks of counterfeit parts . Morton said earlier this year that customs agents arrested a Chinese broker selling nine brands of counterfeit airbags in the United States . That broker has been convicted and is in prison , Morton said , and multiple investigations into other brokers are continuing .	Counterfeit airbags have been sold as replacements for U.S. cars In tests , fake bags failed to work , and one even exploded , authorities say Only a small fraction of cars have the bad bags , officials say
CNN  -- The congressional showdown over Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius ' nomination to President Obama 's Cabinet may focus less on her qualifications than on the issue of abortion , analysts said . Then-presidential candidate Barack Obama listens to Gov. Kathleen Sebelius during a January 2008 rally . Obama on Monday nominated Sebelius to head the Department of Health and Human Services . Cabinet nominations require Senate confirmation , and anti-abortion groups already are making their views known . Analysts suspected that Obama would face a battle over abortion if and when he makes a nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court , but religious conservatives could use Sebelius as a warm-up for the seemingly inevitable fight . Calling Sebelius an "  enemy of the unborn , " Catholic League President Bill Donohue said the Kansas governor 's nomination is particularly disturbing because the health and human services secretary is one of the few members of the administration who can directly affect abortion policy . "  Sebelius ' support for abortion is so far off the charts that she has been publicly criticized by the last three archbishops of Kansas City , " Donohue said in a statement . Watch why filling the Cabinet post is urgent task " The liberal group Catholics United has come to Sebelius ' defense , saying the Kansas governor has taken several steps to lower the abortion rate in her state . The group also has posted excerpts of a 2006 speech in which Sebelius said she opposed abortion . "  My Catholic faith teaches me that all life is sacred , and personally I believe abortion is wrong , " she said then . "  However , I disagree with the suggestion that criminalizing women and their doctors is an effective means of achieving the goal of reducing the number of abortions in our nation . " In May , Archbishop Joseph F. Naumann of Kansas City , Kansas , said that Sebelius ' stance on abortion had "  grave spiritual and moral consequences . " He asked that Sebelius no longer receive Communion until she repudiated her stance and made a "  worthy sacramental confession . " Naumann was reacting to Sebelius ' veto of state Senate Bill 389 and the subsequent House version , titled the Comprehensive Abortion Reform Act , either of which would have tightened abortion regulations in Kansas . In shooting down SB 389 in April , Sebelius wrote that the bill was problematic because it included no exceptions for pregnancies that endanger a woman 's life and it allowed for individuals to seek court orders preventing a woman from obtaining an abortion , even if the procedure was necessary to save her life . "  I am concerned that the bill is likely unconstitutional , or even worse , endangers the lives of women , " Sebelius said in a statement . She further said that Kansas had striven to lower its abortion rates through adoption incentives , extended health services for pregnant women , sex education and support services for families . Another lightning rod for Sebelius is attendance by Dr. George Tiller and his staff at a 2007 reception she held at the governor 's mansion in Topeka . The doctor , who specializes in late-term abortions and once received the National Abortion Federation 's highest honor , won the reception at a charity auction held for the Greater Kansas City Women 's Political Caucus , according to the Topeka Capital-Journal . Tiller is presently facing charges relating to his practice . Last month , a district judge denied a motion to dismiss the case , meaning Tiller will go to trial on 19 misdemeanor counts relating to how he procured second opinions for late-term abortions , according to The Wichita Eagle . Though Sebelius is dogged by many on the religious right , GOP Sens. Sam Brownback and Pat Roberts of Kansas seem willing to give her a pass on her stance on abortion . Brownback , who sought the GOP presidential nomination and is one of the leading anti-abortion voices in the Senate , recently released a statement with Roberts , congratulating Sebelius and expressing an eagerness to work with their fellow Kansan on health issues . The senators said they expect to have several differences of opinion with the Obama administration -- especially on health care funding and nationalized health care -- but they make no mention of the abortion issue . David Brody , who covers the White House for the Christian Broadcasting Network , said the omission could pose a problem for anti-abortion advocates hoping to down Sebelius ' nomination . "  It 's a problem , and Sam Brownback has been in long step with them on the abortion issue . That 's a setback for them , " he said . Meanwhile , progressive groups have lent their outright support to Sebelius . Ron Pollack , executive director of Families USA , a health care advocacy group , said Sebelius "  represents the knowledge , background , caring that I think is necessary for that position . " Sebelius , 60 , is the daughter of former Ohio Gov. John Gilligan , who led that state from 1971-1975 . The two-term governor has been credited for her bipartisanship and her success as a Democrat politician in a longtime red state . Her work with insurance companies -- both as an insurance executive and as Kansas ' insurance commissioner -- will also lend itself to the work of the Cabinet post , her supporters said . However , those who are predicting a tussle over her Cabinet nomination concede that her experience will not be the bone of contention when she goes before the Senate . "  The pro-life groups have an itchy trigger finger on this . The inbox was full before Sebelius was nominated . They 're ready for a fight , " Brody told CNN . In a column last week , Brody wrote that Democrats have solid numbers in the Senate , and Sebelius could sail through confirmation hearings because some GOP moderates , such as Sens. Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins , both of Maine , are supporters of abortion rights . Brody added that Sebelius is so qualified , the abortion issue may not be enough to derail her nomination . The abortion fight , however , may be one that Obama 's team wants to avoid , he said Monday . "  Do they want to be sucked in , if you will , to a fight over abortion ? Or do they want to leave that for a summer battle over a Supreme Court nominee potentially ? " Brody asked . "  That 's the danger here for the Obama administration , to be a distraction . "	Catholic League president refers to Gov. Kathleen Sebelius as "  enemy of the unborn " Progressive groups defend Kansas governor , praise bipartisanship Archbishop chastised Sebelius over abortion bill that she called unconstitutional Sebelius nomination likely to get backing of Democrats , moderate Republicans
A scenic fall tour turned into a nightmare ride for passengers in northwest Arkansas on Thursday after a freight train and a passenger train collision left dozens injured . The six crew members and 38 passengers aboard were all injured , according to the Arkansas Missouri Railroad Police . The passenger train is operated by the Arkansas and Missouri Railroad , said Ron Sparks , the railroad 's police chief . The train departed from Springdale , Arkansas , and was headed to Van Buren to take passengers on a fall foliage excursion . The trains collided Thursday morning when the passenger train stalled on a small grade , apparently because of excess leaves on the track , according to police . "  We called for another locomotive to come help , " said Sparks . "  Somehow there was miscommunication on the passenger train 's position , and the locomotive rounded the curve and crashed into the passenger train , " added Sparks . "  It 's a pretty rural area , we had to park in woods , and wade through a river to get the passengers , using four-wheelers to pull them out . " One of the train 's conductors fractured his ankle and back and was evacuated to the hospital , said Sparks . Local fire and police emergency responders remain on the scene , according to local police . The National Transportation Safety Board was sending a team to the site of the crash Thursday evening to investigate .	A freight train and passenger train collide in northwest Arkansas Police say six crew members and 38 passengers were injured The National Transportation Safety Board is en route to crash site
EW.com  -- The 2012 box office got off to a fine start this weekend , as Paramount 's "  found footage "  riiiight ...  horror movie "  The Devil Inside , " which the studio acquired for just under $ 1 million , earned a tremendous $ 34.5 million in its first three days , becoming the first breakout box office star since "  The Lion King 3D . " In fact , the strong debut marks the third-best January opening of all time behind "  Cloverfield "  $ 40.1 million  and a re-release of "  Star Wars "  $ 35.9 million  . Is this a sign of things to come in 2012 ? Perhaps . But it 's more likely a sign of the recent popularity of possession movies . Demonic tales have made a mini-comeback in the last few years -- starting with the success of 2005 ′ s "  The Exorcism of Emily Rose , " which earned $ 75.1 million domestically . Since then , similar titles like 2009 ′ s "  The Haunting in Connecticut "  $ 55.4 million  , 2010 ′ s "  The Last Exorcism "  $ 41 million  , and 2011 ′ s "  Insidious "  $ 54 million  have all proven lucrative thanks to their tiny budgets . "  Insidious , " for example , cost just $ 1.5 million to make . Of course , the "  Paranormal Activity " movies  the fourth of which was just announced this week  are the biggest success stories of this whole trend . A total of $ 8 million has been spent making the three "  found footage " movies , yet they have earned $ 296.7 million domestically . Paramount marketed "  The Devil Inside " in much the same way the studio markets the "  Paranormal " films . Commercials included ample shots of audiences screaming at the screen , and viewers were encouraged to use social media to chat up the film with the "  Tweet Your Scream " campaign . Indeed , all the promotional costs -- certainly a much higher number than the budget -- helped "  The Devil Inside " achieve a stellar debut , but where does it go from here ? Well , it falls . Fast . Due to their overwhelmingly young audiences , who love to rush out to the theater on opening weekend , horror movies almost always open big and fall precipitously at the box office , but "  The Devil Inside , " with its utterly terrible "  F " CinemaScore grade  some issue has been raised as to whether the grade is actually an "  F " or closer to the "  C " range  , will likely plummet even more quickly . Not that it really matters , though -- the horror pic is already in the black , and it may finish with as much as $ 70 million . In second place , "  Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol , " another Paramount film , continued its comeback performance with $ 20.5 million in its fourth weekend . The action blockbuster , which became the biggest hit of the holidays , has now earned $ 170.2 million , and it should finish well above $ 200 million . "  Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows " held onto third place with a $ 14.1 million weekend . The sequel , which initially appeared a major disappointment when compared to the original "  Sherlock Holmes , " has redeemed itself handily in the last few weeks . After two weekends , "  Shadows " was trailing "  Sherlock Holmes " by $ 59.7 million , but over the past two weeks , the sequel has narrowed that gap to $ 22.7 million , and it now has a running total of $ 157.4 million -- still disappointing , but not nearly the disaster it first appeared . "  The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo " finished the frame in fourth place with $ 11.3 million , dipping only 24 percent , the smallest drop in the Top 10 . Could the edgy adaptation finally be finding its adult audience now that the warm n ' fuzzy holiday season is over ? After 19 days , "  Dragon Tattoo " has grossed $ 76.8 million , and if it maintains strong holds like this , it should pass $ 100 million . "  Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked " rounds out the Top 5 . The kiddie threequel , which has majorly underperformed compared to expectations , dropped 42 percent to $ 9.5 million . It has now grossed $ 111.6 million total . The next three spots were filled by holiday releases that never totally found their footing . Two of them , "  War Horse " and "  We Bought A Zoo , " are performing respectably , though . The films earned $ 8.6 and $ 8.5 million , respectively , this weekend , and they have nearly identical totals of $ 56.8 million and $ 56.6 million . Still , there seems to be a common understanding in the blogosphere that "  War Horse "  which cost $ 66 million  is performing admirably , while "  We Bought A Zoo "  which cost $ 50 million  kind of fizzled , to which I say : Huh ?! In eighth place is a movie which has actually fizzled -- at least domestically . "  The Adventures of Tintin , " Steven Spielberg 's expensive motion-capture animation , dropped 42 percent this weekend to $ 6.6 million and $ 61.9 million total . In ninth place , Focus Features ' "  Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy , " which expanded into 809 theaters this weekend , performed admirably in its wider release . The well-reviewed spy drama maintained a robust $ 7,129 per theater average , giving the film a $ 5.8 million weekend and an early $ 10.4 million total after five weekends . "  New Year 's Eve " held onto a spot in the Top 10 for one final weekend . The ensemble romantic comedy fell 48 percent to $ 3.3 million . The film has earned $ 52 million  less than half the gross of Valentine 's Day  , and it likely wo n't make it much further . 1 . The Devil Inside - $ 34.5 million 2 . Mission : Impossible -- Ghost Protocol - $ 20.5 million 3 . Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows - $ 14 million 4 . The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo - $ 11.3 million 5 . Alvin and the Chipmunks : Chipwrecked -- $ 9.5 million 6 . War Horse - $ 8.6 million 7 . We Bought A Zoo -- $ 8.5 million 8 . The Adventures of Tintin -- $ 6.6 million 9 . Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy -- $ 5.8 million 10 . New Year 's Eve -- $ 3.3 million See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Devil Inside " earned a tremendous $ 34.5 million in its first three days "  Mission : Impossible - Ghost Protocol , " continued its comeback performance with $ 20.5 million "  Sherlock Holmes : A Game of Shadows " held onto third place with a $ 14.1 million weekend
CNN  -- We in the media seem to be dealing with a whole lotta liars : A college football star who told the world he had met his imaginary girlfriend . A cycling champion who lied about doping for a decade . A coach who abused boys and covered it up . And that 's just from the wide world of sports . What 's clear , as these stories have unfolded , is that journalists do n't possess lie-detector machines . But they do have BS detectors . And these are apparently getting rusty . Take the case of Manti Te'o , who confessed to Katie Couric in an interview broadcast Thursday that , well , he kinda made up the minor detail that he had met his imaginary girlfriend . He was "  going to be put on national TV " after saying that the girlfriend had died , Te'o told Couric . "  You know , what would you do ? " Um , tell the truth ? Opinion : Te'o story , big fail for sportswriters We still do n't know whether the Notre Dame star was in on the hoax earlier . But we do know he did n't want to ruin the heartwarming story line that the media utterly swallowed -- that his play was inspired by the girlfriend 's demise . Couric , by the way , did a masterful job of poking holes in Te'o 's tale while also expressing empathy for a troubled young man . Yet the lack of journalistic skepticism on this heartwarming tale of tragedy was stunning . No one had seen the girlfriend . Te'o said he mainly communicated with her online . There were no pictures of them together . Watch : How Katie Couric artfully exposed Manti Te'o The malfeasance was even worse after Lennay Kekua 's alleged death . Pete Thamel of Sports Illustrated has acknowledged that he ignored a number of red flags . No obituary for Kekua . No funeral notice . No record of what Te'o described as an earlier car accident . No mention of her in Lexis Nexis . No record of her brother 's name so he could spellcheck it . But he went ahead and published anyway , as did CBS , ESPN and others , to the shame of the sports journalism world . Once there were rumblings that Kekua might not exist , ESPN was chasing that story but , after an internal debate , the network held off while trying to get an interview with Te'o , according to The New York Times . The hope of access trumped the investigative reporting , so the hoax was exposed by the snarky but solid sports blog Deadspin . Watch : New York Post mocks Hillary 's anger at Benghazi hearing Lance Armstrong was another case study in deception and deceit . In the early years , as he won one Tour de France after another , virtually no one in the media wanted to mar the story line of the guy who overcame cancer and kept piling up championships . He said he never took banned substances -- was n't that good enough ? Did n't sportswriters hope to get the next Lance interview ? Obviously the story line about drug use grew in recent years as former teammates hurled allegations , and U.S. anti-doping officials mounted an investigation that would wind up stripping Armstrong of his titles . Finally , of course , he went to Oprah Winfrey and said he 'd been lying all along . Even so , some of his media defenders were less than outraged . Washington Post sportswriter Sally Jenkins told Charlie Rose that Armstrong had called her : "  He said he was sorry for misleading me . He said he was sorry -- and this is a very small thing -- but he expressed that he was sorry that my reputation had taken a hit because of my association with him , which I appreciated . And it was n't a very long conversation , but it was a meaningful one to me . " Watch : Paula Broadwell and media redemption Jenkins said she was n't mad at Armstrong and that "  that there 's a level of anger at Lance that is out of proportion to the offense of doping . " I 'm not feeling as charitable . I 'm angry because Lance lied . As for the Penn State debacle , it 's hard to deny that the worship of college football blinded the media to the notion that the sainted Joe Paterno might do anything wrong -- such as looking the other way after allegations that his assistant , Jerry Sandusky , was sexually abusing children . This sickening scandal unfolded under the nose of the sports media establishment until it was exposed by a local reporter , Sara Ganim of the Patriot-News in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania .  Ganim now works at CNN . We in the news business are accustomed to being misled and misinformed by politicians and their operatives . We 've been through too many scandals to believe otherwise . And while we sometimes fall down on the job , we bring to the political arena a certain battle-hardened skepticism . Watch : Beyonce lip-synced -- oh well The tradition has always been that sports is different , a kind of protected zone where athletes compete and no amount of spin can alter their performance on the field . Hero worship was baked into the cake , especially when covering local teams . If that was once true , it 's hardly the case now in the era of steroids and strikes and lockouts and violence , as was sadly underscored when Jovan Belcher of the Kansas City Chiefs fatally shot his girlfriend and himself , and Bob Costas was skewered for talking about the NFL 's gun culture . The notion that today 's sports journalism can be anything other than aggressive and tough-minded is now as fictional as Manti Te'o 's imaginary girlfriend . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard Kurtz .	Manti Te'o saga is the latest of a series of embarrassing failures by journalists Howard Kurtz says reporters covering sports ca n't fall victim to hero worship People in news business are accustomed to being lied to , Kurtz says Kurtz : It 's time for aggressive and tough-minded sports reporting
Washington  CNN  -- Washington Wizards player Javaris Crittenton Monday became the second member of the NBA team to plead guilty to a weapons charge following a gun-toting locker-room incident . Crittenton , 22 , pleaded guilty in Superior Court in the District of Columbia to a misdemeanor count of possession of an unregistered firearm . He will avoid jail time . Judge Bruce Beaudin sentenced Crittenton to one year of unsupervised probation . The judge also ordered him to perform community service with a children 's organization in Washington and through the NBA 's Haiti project . "  Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences , " said U.S. Attorney Channing Phillips . "  We commend Mr. Crittenton for accepting responsibility and hope he fully appreciates the gravity of his actions , " Phillips said . The Wizards said in a statement that the charges and Crittenton 's plea were "  another disappointing development in what has already been a long and frustrating process for the team , the NBA and , most importantly , our fans . " "  Javaris clearly used very bad judgment in this situation and will now face the consequences of his actions , " the statement said . Crittenton , who is currently listed as inactive on the Wizards ' roster and has not played a game all season , agreed with prosecutors that the incident stemmed from an angry exchange with teammate Gilbert Arenas following arguments over a card game . The argument led to shooting threats , according to documents submitted to the court . Prosecutors say Arenas threatened to burn or blow up Crittenton 's car when they came to practice the following Monday . "  According to Crittenton before he left his home in Virginia for practice that day , Crittenton placed a lawfully owned unloaded handgun into his backpack because he believed that Arenas would carry out his threat to shoot him that day , " prosecutors said . Authorities say Crittenton displayed the weapon to Arenas , but did not aim it at him or load the weapon . Arenas had placed four of his own guns at Crittenton 's locker and told him to "  pick one , " authorities said . Authorities say Crittenton had been cooperating with them after the incident , and had voluntarily surrendered his weapon , a 9 mm semi-automatic Taurus , to law enforcement officials . Arenas , a former NBA all-star , pleaded guilty to a more serious felony charge and faces potentially six months in jail , and has been suspended indefinitely by the NBA . His sentencing is set for March 26 .	NEW : Wizards call charges and sentencing "  another disappointing development " Washington Wizards player Javaris Crittenton , 22 , pleads to misdemeanor count While he will avoid jail time , Crittenton must perform community service Crittenton agreed incident stemmed from angry exchange with teammate Gilbert Arenas
CNN  -- Five Filipino soldiers were killed and 24 others wounded during an overnight gun battle with a faction of a Muslim separatist group in the Philippines ' southern region , a military spokesman said . Filipino soldiers check weapons captured from Moro Islamic Liberation Front militants in November . The fighting in Basilan province broke out after ongoing peace negotiations with rogue members of the Moro Islamic Liberation Front  MILF  hit an impasse , said Maj. Ramon Zagala . Early reports indicated the fighters were from a rogue faction of the front , but the military later identified them as members of the Islamic militant group Abu Sayyaf , which has been linked to the al Qaeda terrorist network , Zagala said . Abu Sayyaf members were seeking refuge in MILF-controlled towns , drawing a military response , Zagala said . The militants retaliated Sunday with gunfire and rocket-propelled grenades , he said . The splinter group originally believed to have been involved in the firefight , the Bangsamoro Islamic Armed Forces , issued a statement accusing Filipino troops of using artillery and "  indiscriminately " launched airstrikes.The statement , posted Monday on a pro-Moro Website , included no report of casualties . The government of the Philippines has been involved in peace negotiations with Moro Islamic Liberation Front since 2003 . CNN 's Tess Eastment contributed to this report .	NEW : Abu Sayyaf members drew military response , military spokesman says Filipino soldiers fight rogue faction of a Muslim separatist group Fighting began after negotiations hit an impasse , military in Philippines says Militants were trying to occupy part of a province , military says
CNN  -- The 103 Chadian children whom six French charity workers were convicted of attempting to kidnap will soon be reunited with their families , the United Nations ' children agency said Friday . Some of the 103 children who were nearly abducted by a French charity , pictured in Abeche in November 2007 . The children have been living in an orphanage in Abeche , in eastern Chad , since late October . Chadian authorities arrested the Zoe 's Ark aid workers as they earlier tried to leave the central African country with the children on a Paris-bound plane , the United Nations Children 's Fund said . The charity had said the children were orphans from Sudan 's war-torn Darfur region and were being taken to foster families in France . However , other charities determined that most of the children were from Chad , not Sudan , and had at least one living parent . Beginning next week , a UNICEF team will travel to Abeche , Adre and Tine to facilitate reuniting the 21 girls and 82 boys , aged 1 to 10 , with their families . Chad 's government has approved the move , UNICEF said . Interviews with the children indicated that the majority were from villages near the cities of Adre and Tine along the Chadian-Sudanese border , according to a November statement from the Red Cross , UNICEF , and the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . The kidnapping scandal attracted international attention , with French authorities reacting angrily to the charity 's trip , calling the group 's actions "  illegal and irresponsible . " However , French President Nicolas Sarkozy intervened on the six 's behalf after a Chadian court sentenced the six aid workers to eight years of hard labor in Chad , and the central African nation handed them over to France to serve their sentences . In late January , a French court sentenced Eric Breteau -- the group 's leader -- Emilie Lelouch , Alain Peligat , Philippe van Winkelberg , Dominique Aubry and Nadia Merimi to eight years in a French prison . E-mail to a friend	The 103 children taken by French aid workers to be reunited with families soon The 21 girls and 82 boys , aged 1-10 , will be handed over to relatives in Chad They have been in orphanage in Chadian town of Abeche since late October Six Zoe 's Ark workers were convicted on kidnapping charges in December
A woman who says a female teacher from middle school sexually abused her for years decided to confront the teacher -- and post video of the exchange on YouTube . Within hours , the educator resigned from her job at another school in California . Police launched an investigation . And the former student , who once felt powerless , now says she feels vindicated knowing the ex-teacher is no longer working with children . The video The former student , who calls herself "  Jamie , " said the abuse started when she was 12 years old . "  I am 28 years old and have been waiting years to get up enough courage to report a teacher for sexually abusing me for years , " Jamie 's caption on her YouTube video states . "  When I finally got up enough courage to report her , I found out that the statute of limitations was up and she will never have to pay for the things that she did to me . " So she decided to expose the teacher on the Internet . "  I decided I 'm going to call her to get some answers from her , " Jamie said to a camera in her home . After the woman identified as the teacher picked up the phone , Jamie asked , "  So what happens when a student comes in and says that they 're having  a  sexual relationship with a teacher ? " "  I would involve law enforcement , " the woman said . "  So how is that any different from what you did " years ago , Jamie said . "  It 's not , " the woman replied . "  Do you realize that you brainwashed me , and you manipulated me , and that what you did was wrong ? " Jamie asked . "  Yes . And I regret it , " the woman responded . "  You should be so ashamed and so disgusted with yourself , " Jamie said , raising her voice . "  I am . I am , " the woman said . 30 day sentence for teacher who raped his 14-year-old student Shortly after Jamie posted the video on YouTube , she sent the link to her former teacher . The educator resigned within hours , said Jamie 's attorney , David Ring . The teacher has not responded to CNN 's phone and e-mail requests for comment . Police have launched an investigation into the case , but the statute of limitations may be an issue , Riverside police Lt. Guy Toussaint said . It all depends on what the investigation reveals and what crimes may have occurred . At the Alhambra Unified School District , where Jamie said the teacher most recently worked , administrators received an electronic message Friday with a YouTube link incriminating the educator , said Superintendent Laura Tellez-Gagliano . Administrators called police immediately . The woman , identified by the school district as an Alhambra High School administrator , was interviewed the same day , and she "  tendered her resignation " at the end of the interview , Tellez-Gagliano said in a statement . No students from the Alhambra district have been identified as victims so far , and the "  Alhambra Police department will be handing this matter over to the jurisdiction of the appropriate police department , " the district said . "  This alleged action took place in another school district , without any report prior to her employment to the Alhambra Unified School District , " the superintendent said . The Alhambra Police Department said it notified Riverside police because the reported abuse allegedly took place in Riverside . "  At this time in the investigation , there have been no identified crimes involving the suspect that have occurred in Alhambra , " APD said in a statement . Former sixth-grade teacher admits sex with boy Why now ? Now that she 's a mother , Jamie said she wanted to make sure the teacher could n't work with children again . "  The reason why I wanted to do this was to expose her for what she really was and to protect other kids , because she should n't be around anyone 's kids , " Jamie told reporters Monday . "  It took a lot for me to come forward , but I kept thinking about my own kids , and how I would n't want anything to happen to them . " Jamie said the abuse took place ` off and on " between the ages of 12 and 18 . She said she did n't come forward as a teenager because the teacher had brainwashed her . Ex-L.A. teacher sentenced to 25 years in lewdness case "  She told me that my family did n't love me . She told me that nobody cared about me and that she was the only one that loved me and the only one that was there for me , " Jamie said . "  She made me believe that she was my only friend , and that I could trust her . " Jamie said she did n't want a physical relationship -- but that the teacher threatened her multiple times . "  She said that she would kill herself if I ever left . And I believed that , " Jamie said . Now , more than a decade after middle school , Jamie said she feels greater control in her life . "  In the beginning , I thought there was nothing that I could do . But after the outcome , obviously , there is something I can do . " Ex-PTA president accused of making child porn at elementary school	Teacher resigned after being interviewed , Alhambra schools chief says The woman , now 28 , says the teacher abused her between ages 12 and 18 "  I regret it , " the teacher states , according to the YouTube video Police are investigating , but the statute of limitations may be an issue
CNN  -- Federal investigators , joined by local officials and others , spread across Alaska on Thursday seeking the cause of a plane crash that killed five people , including former U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens . Deborah Hersman , the chairman of the National Transportation Safety Board , told reporters that the initial investigation of the crashed airplane was complete . The wreckage would be hauled to nearby Dillingham , Alaska , to be examined further , Hersman said . There was no new information on what caused the plane to crash Monday on a rugged mountainside in southwestern Alaska , killing Stevens and four others . Another four passengers survived , including former NASA head Sean O'Keefe . Stevens , who served in the U.S. Senate for 40 years , was 86 . His funeral will be held next Wednesday at 2 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  at the Anchorage Baptist Temple in Anchorage , according to Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid . O'Keefe remained in critical condition on Thursday , according to Kirsten Schultz , a spokeswoman for Providence Alaska Medical Center . The condition of O'Keefe 's son , Kevin , was upgraded to fair from serious . Another survivor , lobbyist Jim Morhard of Alexandria , Virginia , was also upgraded to fair from serious . Thirteen year-old William Phillips , whose father died in the crash , remained in good condition , Schultz said . A CNN reporter who flew over the crash site Thursday said there was a wide , brown swath cut through the trees by the plane . The crash occurred about 1,000 feet up the 2,300-foot mountain in an area called Muklung Hills , about a 20-minute flight from Dillingham , the reporter said . Hersman said the de Havilland DHC-3 Otter involved in the crash was manufactured in 1957 and overhauled in 2005 from a piston to a turbine engine . She also confirmed the plane lacked either a Ground Proximity Warning System or an Enhanced Ground Proximity Warning System . The devices , which Hersman said are not required , help pilots determine how far they are above ground or terrain and can predict whether a plane is on a path toward an obstacle or mountains . Hersman said it was too soon to know whether any technological factor contributed to the crash . John Bouker , the commercial pilot who first spotted the crash site , told CNN Thursday that Stevens ' plane "  was messed up but not beyond survivability . " "  It looked survivable , " Bouker said , "  but it did n't look like it would be a very fun ride or anything . The wings were bent back . The nose section was messed up . It did n't look like a good situation to be in , that 's for sure . " The aircraft , which was taking the group on a fishing trip , crashed in an area near the Bering Sea noted for its rugged terrain . Tom Tucker , a helicopter pilot who landed at the crash site , told CNN that when he first arrived , the survivors "  were coming in and out of consciousness . We put blankets over them to keep them warm . " The longest-serving Republican senator in U.S. history , Stevens lost his 2008 re-election bid to then-Anchorage Mayor Mark Begich after being convicted on charges of making false statements on financial disclosure forms . A federal judge later dismissed the conviction , citing prosecutorial misconduct . Stevens survived a plane crash that killed his wife in 1978 ; he later remarried . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report	NEW : Investigation of the plane wreckage at the crash site is complete Two survivors upgraded from fair to serious condition , while another remains critical One witness tells CNN the plane was "  messed up , " but the crash was survivable Stevens ' funeral will be held next Wednesday in Anchorage , Alaska
CNN  -- Over the last two decades he has been at Manchester United both as boy and man helping the club achieve the most unparallelled level of success . And on Thursday veteran midfielder Ryan Giggs took another step in further cementing his remarkable relationship with the club after he was appointed as United 's player-coach by David Moyes . Welshman Giggs made his United debut in 1990 and has won 13 Premier League titles , four FA Cups and the European Champions League in 1999 and 2008 , making him English football 's most decorated player . Moyes was announced as the United manager in May , after fellow Scot Alex Ferguson called time on his trophy-laden 26-year reign . "  I 'm delighted that Ryan has accepted the chance to become player-coach , " former Everton manager Moyes told United 's official website as the new manager steps up his preparations for his first season at Old Trafford . "  His success and ability to adapt his game over a number of years gives him an unrivaled perspective on the modern game . "  His career is an example to any aspiring young player and I 'm sure that both he and the players will benefit from his new role . " Now 39 , Giggs said his appointment was a "  great privilege . " The Welshman added : "  I hope I will be able to bring my experience to bear , having been both a player and part of the Manchester United family for so long . "  It 's no secret that I have been taking my qualifications and I see this as the first step in my future career . I 'm really looking forward to working alongside David and the team . " Former United defender Phil Neville also returns to Old Trafford as part of Moyes ' staff . Neville played for the 20-time English champions between 1995 and 2005 before moving to Everton , where he played under Moyes for eight years . Moyes ' first Premier League match as United manager is at Swansea City on August 17 . Meanwhile United 's rivals Chelsea have agreed to sign talented Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel from Dutch club Vitesse Arnhem . A product of the Vitesse youth system , the 20-year-old Grinkel his debut in April 2010 and will join Chelsea subject to a medical .	Ryan Giggs appointed player-coach at Manchester United The Welshman made his United debut in 1990 Giggs is part of manager David Moyes ' new-look backroom staff Moyes was announced as Alex Ferguson 's successor in May
Boston  CNN  Guilty across the board . But will he face death ? After deliberating for 11 1/2 hours , jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial . Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty . The trial will next move into a penalty phase , where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether Tsarnaev , 21 , will be executed . A look at all of the charges Jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history , as well as his relative youth . Tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing . The start date of the penalty phase has not yet been set . Since testimony began March 4 , federal prosecutors have called 92 witnesses , and the defense just four . It seemed a mismatch from the start . "  He was there , " Tsarnaev 's defense attorney Judy Clarke conceded as the trial opened , but many say the defense strategy always had been to focus on persuading the jury to spare Tsarnaev 's life . Tsarnaev lawyer keeps hated criminals off death row Clarke tried to convince jurors that her client 's older brother , 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who died in a shootout with police days after the terror attack , was the instigator of the marathon plot . The younger man , Clarke said , was only following his older brother . After the verdict , CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said Clarke now faces an uphill battle . "  Because No. 1 , he  Tsarnaev  is almost functioning as an officer of a military organization attacking the United States -- the claim of course that he 's an Islamic radical and that this is almost an army-like attack on civilians . "  And the second thing -- it was so well planned and so callously planned so that civilians would die , so that children would be maimed . And all of this , she has to get around and convince the jury he 's not worthy of the death penalty . "  Boy , she 's climbing the Mount Everest of death penalty cases in this case , " Callan said about Clarke . Survivors react to the verdict Ann O'Neill reported from Boston . Dana Ford reported from Atlanta .	Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on all 30 charges he faced Seventeen counts were capital charges , meaning he is eligible for the death penalty
A Pakistani doctor accused of helping the CIA track down Osama bin Laden was sentenced Wednesday to 33 years in prison for treason , officials told CNN . Shakeel Afridi was also fined $ 3,500 for spying for the United States , said Nasir Khan , a Khyber Agency official , and Fazal Mehmood , an official from the tribal court that handed down the sentence . The court heard the case against Afridi for two months . The doctor was not afforded a chance to defend himself , which is in accordance with the laws of the tribal justice system , the two officials said . Pakistan fires doctor who helped CIA hunt bin Laden Afridi was present at the sentencing and was sent to the central jail in nearby Peshawar . Afridi helped the CIA use a vaccination campaign in an attempt to collect DNA samples from residents of bin Laden 's compound in the city of Abbottabad to verify the al Qaeda leader 's presence there . Bin Laden was killed in the subsequent U.S. raid on the compound in May of last year . Ret . Navy seal speaks on how bin Laden kill mission unfolded At least one legal analyst said Afridi 's sentence was a sham . Islamabad-based lawyer Shahzad Akbar said the punishment was handed down by a tribal court in Khyber even though the alleged offense occurred in Abbottabad , which raises questions about the legitimacy of the proceedings . Tweeting Osama 's death : The accidental citizen journalist "  This judgment wo n't last , " Akbar told CNN . "  If this punishment is challenged by Dr. Afridi 's family in the Superior Court of Pakistan , there is a good possibility that the sentence will be turned around . " Human rights groups have often accused tribal courts of violating the fair trial process guaranteed under Pakistan 's constitution . Akbar said the Afridi ruling could be a move by the government to save face without making a spectacle out of a sensitive situation . In a federal court , the government would have had to produce evidence , and Afridi would have the right to defend himself . "  There is ample case law that says this process is cheating against the laws and constitution of Pakistan , " Akbar said . Afridi can appeal the sentence , said Tariq Hayat Khan , a senior official in the tribal region . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton intervened on behalf of Afridi when he was first arrested , a senior U.S. official told CNN . Clinton argued that Afridi should be released and "  will keep doing so , " the official said . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta has acknowledged Afridi 's role in bin Laden 's discovery , saying he was extremely helpful in the operation against the al Qaeda leader . Bin Laden letters released -- a terrorist losing control A statement from U.S. Sens. John McCain , R-Arizona , and Carl Levin , D-Michigan , who both sit on the Armed Services Committee , also said that Afridi 's actions were far from treason and that the sentence was "  shocking and outrageous . " "  Dr. Afridi set an example that we wish others in Pakistan had followed long ago , " the lawmakers said , "  He should be praised and rewarded for his actions , not punished and slandered . " Afridi was charged under the Frontier Crimes Regulation , British-era laws that govern Pakistan 's semi-autonomous tribal region and do not carry the death penalty . In October , a Pakistani commission recommended treason charges be filed against Afridi . A federal investigation is ongoing , according to a government official close to the investigation who is not authorized to speak to the media . The official was not clear on how Wednesday 's sentencing would affect the federal case .	U.S. senators reject treason claim , call sentence "  shocking and outrageous " Hillary Clinton intervened on Shakeel Afridi 's behalf , an official says Afridi was accused of helping collect DNA from Osama bin Laden 's compound He was sentenced by a tribal court ; a legal analyst calls the sentence a sham
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- -- It 's OK for Republicans to want President Obama to fail if they think he 's jeopardizing the country , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal told members of his political party Tuesday night . Gov. Bobby Jindal is offering a spirited defense of Republicans who say they want President Obama to fail . Jindal described the premise of the question -- "  Do you want the president to fail ? " -- as the "  latest gotcha game " being perpetrated by Democrats against Republicans . "  Make no mistake : Anything other than an immediate and compliant , ` Why no sir , I do n't want the president to fail , ' is treated as some sort of act of treason , civil disobedience or political obstructionism , " Jindal said at a political fundraiser attended by 1,200 people . "  This is political correctness run amok . " Since conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh said that he hoped that Obama would fail , Republicans have been pressed by Democrats and the media about Limbaugh 's comments . Jindal , a potential 2012 presidential candidate , told the Republican audience he would "  not be brow beaten on this , and I will not kowtow to their correctness . " "  My answer to the question is very simple : ` Do you want the president to fail ? ' It depends on what he is trying to do . " Jindal , who served two terms in the U.S. House , returned to Washington to help his former colleagues raise more than $ 6 million for the 2010 midterm elections . And he likely picked up important political chits , should he decide to run for president . So far , Jindal has sidestepped questions about 2012 . But on Tuesday he seemed to be laying the groundwork in case he eventually decides the political climate is right . A video of favorable back-to-back TV reports about Jindal preceded his introduction to the audience . And Jindal used his remarks to deep-pocketed Republican donors to emphasize his vision for how the Grand Old Party can get back on track . He made a point to criticize Obama and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi for a "  spending spree " that he said "  is costing the taxpayers more than the Iraq war , more than the Vietnam War , and , near and dear to my heart , even more than the Louisiana Purchase . " Jindal singled out House Republicans for standing up to Obama and helping the GOP return to its conservative roots . The governor took a controversial stand when he refused to accept $ 98 million in federal stimulus money to expand unemployment benefits in Louisiana , because he said it would force an unfair tax on businesses when the funding ran out . Democrats and other critics blasted Jindal 's decision , saying he was influenced by presidential ambitions . But many conservatives saw his decision as a principled stand . Moments after Jindal wrapped up his remarks Tuesday , Obama held his second prime-time news conference 12 blocks away at the White House . Last month , Jindal delivered the Republican response following Obama 's joint address to Congress . The governor was widely panned for his performance , which he addressed Tuesday at the top of his speech . "  Many of you have asked that I reprise my State of the Union response speech , " Jindal said . "  That was a joke by the way . It 's OK to laugh about it . "  I have just learned that because of President Obama 's opposition to torture , it is now illegal to show my speech to prisoners at Gitmo , " he added . The governor 's speech then took on a serious tone when he emphasized the need for Republicans to put the 2008 election behind them and embrace the role of loyal opposition party . "  It 's time to declare our time of introspection and navel-gazing officially over , " Jindal said . "  It 's time to get on with the business of charting America 's future . So , as of now , be it hereby resolved that we will focus on America 's future , and on standing up for fiscal sanity , before it is too late . " With the next presidential election three years away and the fact that he has to face Louisiana voters in 2011 if he seeks re-election , it is not surprising that Jindal does not publicly express interest in running in 2012 . But if the governor is considering a presidential bid , he must now focus on learning to become a national candidate and building a political operation . Unlike potential 2012 rivals such as Mitt Romney and Mike Huckabee , Jindal does n't have a national infrastructure in place , nor the experience the two men gained crisscrossing the country in their failed 2008 bids for the White House . And Jindal lacks the name recognition of Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , a former vice presidential nominee who is said to be considering her own campaign in 2012 . GOP operative Alex Vogel said it is critical for Jindal or any other Republican candidate to begin amassing a list of national supporters similar to what Obama created for the 2008 campaign . "  It is all about data , " said Vogel , a former senior aide to the Republican National Committee , the National Republican Senatorial Committee and ex-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist . "  The best candidate in the world is only as good as his database . How many cell phone numbers , e-mails and mailing addresses can you collect ? You ca n't collect that in a presidential campaign . You have to do that now . " Vogel also said that beyond "  fine-tuning his message , " Jindal needs to continue giving speeches , attending political events and appearing on television if he wants to get used to running for national office . At 37 , Jindal potentially has a long political future , whether or not he runs for president in 2012 . "  There is plenty of time between now and the primaries for him to tighten his game , " said Jonathan Grella , a GOP strategist who has worked for former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay and the National Republican Senatorial Committee . "  He obviously has got a long ways to go before he performs at a presidential level , and particularly at the Obama level . That is a tall order . But Bobby Jindal is an above-average political performer now , and he has plenty of room to grow . "	Jindal : If Obama 's policies jeopardize U.S. , nothing wrong in desiring his failure The Louisiana governor addresses fellow Republicans Tuesday night Jindal has sidestepped whether he will make a presidential run in 2012 Jindal to GOP : Let 's declare our time of "  introspection and navel-gazing " over
CNN  -- Walmart found itself sending apology tweet after apology tweet Monday after the Twitterverse raked it over the coals for a major goof on its website . For whatever inexplicable reason , the retail giant 's site featured a Halloween category , titled "  Fat Girl Costumes . " You wo n't find it there now , thank goodness , but it stayed there for a large part of the morning -- and long enough for multiple screen grabs . The presence of the category was first reported by Jezebel , which in turn was alerted by a reader who stumbled upon it while looking for costumes . It was basically a collection of costumes that you 'd usually find on the site 's plus-size women 's section . After Twitter users complained in droves , Wal-Mart took down the section and sent out multiple apology tweets . "  This never should have been on our site . It is unacceptable , and we apologize . We worked quickly to remove this , " the tweets said . Halloween costumes to avoid this year Now , can we please do something about those sexy ebola containment suit costumes ? The Ray Rice children 's Halloween costume you wo n't believe	The site featured a Halloween category , titled ` Fat Girl Costumes ' After Twitter users complained , the section was taken down
CNN  -- Sure , the wedding was stunning . The doves were released on cue , you did n't stumble on your vows , and your aunt Caroline stayed sober until after the toasts . But something was off : Your special day did n't play as well on social media as you were hoping . Where were all the RTs for that hilarious bouquet-catching Vine ? Why did n't anyone Instagram the handmade Mason-jar floral arrangements in the restrooms ? And only 10 likes for the first blurry picture of the new couple ? Please . The W hotel chain is here to help . For a mere $ 3,000 , couples getting hitched at any of the four W hotels in New York can hire their very own "  social media wedding concierge " to make sure every moment of their special day is properly immortalized in tweets , Instagrams and Facebook posts . This concierge will be involved with the wedding from the very beginning , acting as an amateur Instagram-ographer , documenting bits of the planning process such as cake tasting and dress shopping . He or she will even help create inspirational Pinterest boards . On the wedding day , the concierge will live-tweet and Instagram the entire affair . They 'll make sure your guests all use the same hashtag while posting from their phones during the ceremony and reception .  Is there anything more embarrassing than sloppy cousins using #ashleyandbrock instead of #ashleyandbrockforever ? When it 's over , the hotel will compile the best posts into a book . "  If you want to build a social media footprint of your big day  and this is something people aim to do ; we 've even had people ask us how they can get their wedding to ` trend ' !  , That 's where we come in , " said Alyssa Kiefer , W 's head of global social media . Kiefer says the W is responding to increasing interest among guests who want to integrate social media into their weddings . The hotel has even seen couples updating their Facebook statuses at the altar . Wedding photos : When snap-happy guests go too far The idea of paying a "  concierge " $ 3,000 to live-tweet your wedding was widely mocked Wednesday on Twitter . But like every other major life event , including new jobs , new babies and envy-inducing vacations , weddings are increasingly playing out on social media . If it was n't shared publicly , did it really happen ? In fairness , there are some practical reasons couples might want to share every detail of a wedding online . Perhaps an aging grandmother or far-away relatives ca n't make the trip but would like to follow along .  And if your aging grandmother is on Twitter , more power to her . On the other hand , some brides and grooms may see their wedding less as an opportunity to make a lifelong commitment in front of loved ones and more as a savvy way to grab attention . If you can afford it , a lavish wedding is a great way to fit in a bit of shameless self-promotion . A social "  concierge " is the opposite of another recent trend sweeping weddings : asking guests to unplug completely . Some wedding photographers , irked by having to jostle with snapshot-seeking guests , have pushed for phone-free ceremonies . "  In theory , one would hope it would be a service that seamlessly could fit into a wedding , but I worry it could very easily become a distraction and hindrance to all involved , " wedding photographer Corey Ann said . Ann has seen a lot of younger wedding guests embracing dedicated hashtags . But she fears that could leave out older family members and guests who are n't updating social media accounts . The W hotel will also help couples hoping to unplug on their wedding day , if that 's their preference . The planners can collect phones from guests as they arrive . "  To some , this may seem a bit over the top , and we 're OK with that , " Kiefer said . "  We 're sure couples balked at the idea of traditional wedding planners years ago , and now you would n't think of planning a wedding without one . "	For $ 3,000 , couples getting married at W hotels can hire a "  social media concierge " The concierge will live-tweet the entire affair and make sure guests use the same hashtag Hotel staffer : "  We 've even had people ask us how they can get their wedding to ` trend ' " The service is available at four W hotels in New York
Washington  CNN  -- Suburban Virginia homeowner Jack Webb could n't believe what security cameras in his yard captured earlier this week -- a group of people punching and kicking a man on his street . Webb told CNN that a party on Monday night at a nearby house in Springfield , just south of Washington , attracted roughly 50 teens and young adults . He said he was awakened by noise . Looking out his window , he said he saw what he thought was a small fight with a large group looking on . It was n't until he viewed the security footage that he learned it was more of a group beating one person . The victim was kicked and punched multiple times by various people but eventually got up and walked off on his own . Fairfax County Master Police Officer Eddy Azcarate told CNN that police identified and spoke with the victim . But they are not releasing his name or any further details at this time . No arrests have been made . Webb installed four surveillance cameras around his house a few months ago after his vehicle was broken into . He said he was "  horrified " at the scene on his block this week . "  We could n't believe our eyes , " he said . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Resident installed security cameras in his yard after his car was broken into The Virginia homeowner said he was awakened by a party Footage from cameras captured group of people kicking and punching a man Victim walked off on his own ; police have made no arrests
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pakistani opposition leader Benazir Bhutto has accused Islamabad of waging "  a typical disinformation campaign " by saying it planned to lift longstanding corruption charges ahead of her planned return to Pakistan for upcoming elections . Benazir Bhutto says she plans to end her self-imposed exile and return to Pakistan on October 18 . "  The charges have not been dropped against me , " she told reporters Wednesday before a meeting of her Pakistan People 's Party in London . "  This is just a typical disinformation campaign by the present regime . " She said the move has "  totally stalled " talks on a power-sharing deal with Pakistan 's President , Gen. Pervez Musharraf . Speaking on CNN Tuesday , minister Sheikh Rashid Ahmad said a majority of Pakistan 's Cabinet ministers agreed that the charges against Bhutto should be lifted , allowing her to participate in parliamentary elections scheduled for later this year or early next year . He said the decision came out of an emergency session called by Pakistan 's Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz and was expected to be finalized in the coming days . Following the announcement , Bhutto said she was inundated with hundreds of congratulatory calls but had heard nothing from Islamabad about the reported decision . "  I asked the Pakistan People 's party president to ring up the presidency and see if it was correct , " she said . "  They said it was not correct , even though it came from a Cabinet minister . " Bhutto said she still intends to end her self-imposed exile and return to Pakistan on October 18 . Former prime minister Bhutto is walking a fine line between supporting Musharraf 's regime by negotiating a power-sharing deal with him , and criticizing what she called a "  military dictatorship " that she blamed for rigging the last elections that followed Musharraf 's 1999 coup . She said the power-sharing talks are an effort "  to save democracy " in Pakistan , but it has prompted criticism from other opposition leaders -- including her rival , former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif who questioned , "  How can a democrat share power with a dictator ? " Sharif was swiftly sent back to Saudi Arabia last month when he tried to return to Pakistan after the top court lifted the exile order imposed against him following his ouster from power by Musharraf . Bhutto had previously demanded that Musharraf step down from his army post before seeking a third term as president -- something that she conceded will not happen before Saturday when Pakistan 's parliament and four provincial assemblies are scheduled to choose a president . Musharraf has agreed to give up the army post after his expected re-election to the presidency , even naming a successor to head Pakistan 's military on Tuesday . Bhutto indicated that she is prepared to continue negotiating a power-sharing deal with Musharraf , which could mean her return to the prime minister post . But she clarified her opposition party "  is not in the business of saving military dictatorships . " "  We want to save democracy and if General Musharraf 's dictatorship can take the measures necessary to demonstrate that Pakistan is moving towards democracy , we have an understanding , " Bhutto said . "  But unfortunately there are  three  days to the presidential elections ... and we do n't have that movement . " Led by the two candidates vying to replace Musharraf as president , Pakistan 's opposition is petitioning the country 's Supreme Court to block Saturday 's vote on the grounds that it is unconstitutional for a military officer to seek the presidency within two years of holding rank . In addition , they are arguing that Pakistan 's constitution calls for an elected official to step down and wait a year before seeking a third term . Eighty-five Pakistani opposition lawmakers submitted their resignation Tuesday to protest Musharraf 's bid for another term , which would begin on November 15 . Over the weekend , Pakistan 's election commission handed Musharraf a key victory , accepting his nomination to seek a third term . That decision prompted clashes between police and anti-Musharraf protesters . If the vote goes ahead on Saturday , Musharraf is expected to secure the more than 50 votes in parliament needed to secure a new mandate . Musharraf on Tuesday named Lt. Gen. Ashfaq Kiyani -- currently the head of Pakistan 's Inter Services Intelligence agency -- to take his place as Pakistan 's military chief . Musharraf did not announce when Kiyani will take over as army chief . The Pakistani leader has only said that he will abandon the post sometime before he takes the oath of office again , if lawmakers approve a fresh mandate on Saturday . The new five-year term will start on November 15 . Arif Nizami , editor of the Pakistani daily , The Nation , said Kiyani is generally regarded as "  in the same mold as General Musharraf . " "  Musharraf has chosen a successor very carefully who will continue his policies and he will be as pro-western as General Musharraf is , " Nizami told CNN International . However , he pointed out that "  once the army chief is there , he is his own man and you ca n't be 100 percent sure what kind of policies he 'll pursue . " Musharraf led the 1999 coup as Pakistan 's army chief , a position he has been reluctant to relinquish because his real power base resides in the military , not with the Pakistani people . Musharraf has seen his power erode since a failed effort earlier this year to fire the Supreme Court 's chief justice . His administration is also struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy . E-mail to a friend CNN 's European Political Editor Robin Oakley in London and CNN 's Syed Mohsin Naqvi in Lahore contributed to this report .	Pakistani opposition leader says she doubts corruption charges are lifted Benazir Bhutto says move has stalled talks on deal with President Musharraf Bhutto says intends to end exile and return to Pakistan on October 18
CNN  -- Lots of sexy , glamorous and irresistible characters make their way through "  Downton Abbey " -- the television drama that 's got audiences around the world fascinated by the intrigue inside an English manor house . But to many fans , the castle is the real star . So much so that it 's transforming some viewers into travelers , eager to see for themselves what it might be like to live as a blue-blood or as a servant at the great mansion . First stop : Highclere Castle , the fairytale-like 19th century property about an hour 's drive west of London used as the setting for the series and part-time home of the eighth Earl and Countess of Carnarvon . "  It has been amazing , " said Lady Fiona Carnarvon , describing the effect "  Downton Abbey " has had on the family 's life and the tourist demand to see the castle . "  We have so many e-mails now saying ` We love your home . ' " ` Like walking into Hogwarts ' More than e-mails are pouring in . About 50,000 people came to see the house last year , compared to about 30,000 who visited before the series began airing in the U.K. in fall 2010 , Lady Carnarvon said . American audiences see the show a few months later . The series has also inspired the countess to write "  Lady Almina and the Real Downton Abbey , " a book about a predecessor who converted Highclere into a hospital during World War I. Tourist demand is so great that the family is now asking visitors to buy admission in advance and is installing a timed ticket system to avoid having too many people inside the castle at one time . Group visits are already fully booked for 2012 , but individuals will be able to pre-book their tickets online starting next month . Even the "  Downton Abbey " actors are in awe of the setting . "  It 's like walking into Hogwarts or something like that in ` Harry Potter , ' " said Rob James-Collier , who plays the scheming footman-turned-sergeant Thomas Barrow in the series , in an interview with a British video production company last fall . "  It 's the center of the whole show around which everybody else revolves , " added Hugh Bonneville , who plays the Earl of Grantham . YouTube : Watch the making of "  Downton Abbey " For Lady Carnarvon , opening up her beautiful 300-room home to so many visitors just goes with the territory of being part of an aristocratic family . "  I think you have to look positively on it or you 've married the wrong husband , " she said . "  You have to want to share it , which we do . " Showcasing the countryside Tourists are n't the only ones glad the family is sharing the estate . The popularity of "  Downton Abbey " is just the latest boost for the British travel industry , which has been riding high since the royal wedding last spring and continues to be red-hot with the approach of the Queen 's Diamond Jubilee in June and the Summer Olympic Games to be held in London in July . "  Downton " is especially good at showing visitors that there is more to Britain than just "  London-centric " landmarks , said Meredith Pearson , a spokeswoman for VisitBritain , the country 's national tourism agency . "  This is just the most exciting time for British tourism . It 's an unprecedented period of time to have so many incredible events taking place at the same time , " Person said . " -LSB- Now -RSB- ` Downton Abbey ' is really showcasing the beauty of our countryside and quaint villages and all of the manor houses across the country . ... We had no idea that it would take on a life of its own . It 's just become so popular . " There are lots of options if you want to visit Highclere Castle . The house and gardens are generally open to the public on select days from Easter until September . Since the castle was once the home of the fifth Earl of Carnarvon , who along with Howard Carter discovered Tutankhamun 's tomb in 1922 , the mansion also holds an Egyptian exhibition . Admission to visit the house , gardens and the exhibition costs Â # 16  about $ 25  for an adult . For no cost , you can take walks within and near the estate . The deluxe tour Then again , if you 'd like to get a more intimate look at the castle , there 's a new , much pricier option that 's being offered by NoteWorthy Events , a travel agency that specializes in the United Kingdom . Owner Susie Worthy calls it an exclusive tour created in response to interest in the "  Masterpiece Classic " series . Do you and a few of your fellow "  Downton Abbey " fans have about $ 12,300 to spare ? If so , you can explore the castle , dine at the mansion and meet the aristocrats who call it home . As part of the package , the Earl and Countess of Carnarvon will personally greet you when you arrive at the main entrance and invite you to tea and coffee served in the Countess ' morning room . You 'll get a private tour of the State Rooms , before sitting down for lunch in the State Dining Room , complete with wines chosen by the earl from his wine cellar . After the meal , you 'll be whisked off to Beacon Hill , which provides sweeping views of the property . End your day with high tea back at the castle . Up to four people can take part in the pricey tour . Worthy was n't aware of any takers yet , but said it 's hard to resist the castle 's allure . "  It 's an escape from your humdrum life , really , " Worthy said , noting that the grand manor lifestyle is attracting interest from lots of British travelers exploring their own history , as well as international visitors . "  It 's another world . They want to leave their small house and go and see something wonderful , and they want to see lovely gardens and estates . They want to almost be part of it , although it does n't belong to them . " Where else to explore Beyond Highclere Castle , some tourists also head to the village of Bampton in Oxfordshire , where many of the exterior town scenes in the series are filmed . A stop there is often standard in some of the "  Downton Abbey " themed tours that have popped up in response to fan demand , such as the ones offered by Brit Movie Tours and Great British Tours . Pearson recommended that fans inspired to check out other spectacular sites used in popular British films and TV shows -- including "  Young Victoria " and "  Pride and Prejudice " -- should visit the National Trust website for a map of filming locations in England . Such "  set-jetting " trips have become one of the most popular travel trends for American tourists in Britain , she said . A trend only getting hotter , thanks to "  Downton Abbey . "	"  Downton Abbey " is transforming many fans into tourists The "  Masterpiece Classic " series is filmed on location at Highclere Castle The fairytale-like 19th century property is open to the public part of the year Thousands more people are coming to visit since the series began to air
CNN  -- It 's hard to believe another year is coming to end . Where on earth did 2013 go ? While we try to answer that question , we 're thinking about the year that was -- and all the stories that inspired us , those that made us crazy and those we could n't stop talking to our friends about -- on and offline . We put our list together based on those stories that resonated the most on CNN.com and in social media -- the 20 stories that seemed to spark the biggest conversations among women this year .  Click on our gallery above to see them all ! No surprise that Miley Cyrus tops our list . If the former Disney star 's goal was to be one of the most talked about women of 2013 , she arguably succeeded . Her twerking at the MTV Video Music Awards  full disclosure -- I did n't know what twerking was until the VMAs !  followed by her nearly nude performance in a video for her single "  Wrecking Ball " got tongues wagging all over the country . Will Miley continue to shock in 2014 ? We 'll be watching ! PHOTOS : 2013 : The year in pictures Other women who generated some heated debate this year include Sheryl Sandberg , the Facebook chief operating officer whose book "  Lean In " became an immediate best-seller . But was Sandberg , a mom of two , accusing women of not being ambitious enough or not doing enough to put more cracks in the glass ceiling , many women asked this year ? Many women criticized Yahoo! CEO Marissa Mayer for banning working from home , and for donning a designer dress and stiletto heels in a sexy pose for Vogue magazine . I sided with others who asked : Why ca n't a woman be smart and beautiful and sexy ? The sexualization of girls was another big topic in 2013 illuminated not just by Cyrus but by media outlets counting the days until Kendall Jenner , one of the youngest members of the Kardashian clan , turned 18 . "  There is a countdown clock waiting for a girl to turn 18 so they can  ogle  her more inappropriately then they already do , " reader Jodi Ferich said on CNN 's Facebook page . "  I think it 's a valid question about the appropriateness of waiting for a young lady to age so you can objectify her as a sex object . " There were many inspiring moments this year for women , too , such as that Dove ad campaign , which went viral , showcasing our inability as women to see just how beautiful we are . One of our favorite ads ever , about a fictional place called ` Camp Gyno , ' took the Internet by storm . In the ad , a tween is the first girl to get her period at camp , what she calls her "  red badge of courage , " and proudly sets out to teach her pals about this milestone . We were inspired by celebrities too , such as Katy Perry whose "  Roar " video motivated a 16-year-old Toronto girl named Olivia Wise with an inoperable brain tumor to do her own version . Two months after Wise recorded her "  Roar " video , which brings me to tears every single time I watch it , she died . Perry took to Twitter , telling her 48 million followers  she bumped Justin Bieber from the top spot on Twitter this year  that Wise 's strength and spirit inspired her and so many others . And how could we not mention Batkid , the 5-year-old leukemia patient from San Francisco ? He won the hearts of people around the world when he joined Batman fighting crime in a made-up Gotham city as part of a wish granted by the Make-A-Wish Foundation . PHOTOS : The year in entertainment There were big debates among parents , too . The documentary "  Blackfish , " showcased on CNN , prompted families to discuss whether to take their kids to SeaWorld . The question of whether schools go too far in enforcing zero tolerance policies also came up after a 17-year-old who hugged a teacher and a 6-year-old who kissed a fellow first grader were suspended for sexual harassment . Some relatively unknown women were thrust into the national spotlight this year . Wendy Davis , a Texas state senator , became a hero to women abortion rights supporters when she staged a dramatic 11-hour filibuster . Huma Abedin , the wife of the former New York City mayoral candidate Anthony Weiner , also got women talking for her decision to stick with her husband after his second bout with sexting and reports that she blamed herself for his indiscretions . And there were definitely some lighter moments that we women loved to dish about , from Michelle Obama 's bangs  yes , they really generated a ton of conversation !  to the arrival of Prince George with Kate Middleton showing the world that contrary to what you see in Hollywood , women do actually have a post-baby belly right after giving birth . I always love these opportunities to look back and showcase the issues and stories that really struck a chord with us . We just must might be talking about them again next year . Until then , can we go back to that question from the top -- where did 2013 go ? Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Our list consists of stories that resonated strongly with readers on CNN.com and social media Miley Cyrus , Sheryl Sandberg , Marissa Mayer among women who sparked passionate debate Viral videos on beauty and a girl 's first period also got our attention this year Inspiring moments include teen 's version of Katy Perry 's "  Roar " video and BatKid
CNN  -- This is a game with intriguing story lines : David against Goliath . Master against apprentice . Determination against precision . This is a game the U.S. ca n't afford to lose . This is a game that will be "  massive . " "  There 's no other word to say  it  , " said U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann . At noon ET Thursday , the United States soccer team takes on the soccer behemoth Germany in the globe 's biggest sporting spectacle , the World Cup . Chances are , that for those 90-some minutes , your office will get little work done . Your co-workers will huddle by the TVs in the break room . Your bosses will likely be away at long "  lunches . " And you , who was perfectly content going through life blissfully unconcerned about soccer , will feel a little left out . Well , fear not . Here 's a cheat sheet to make you an insta-pundit on this crucial showdown . Follow the live blog Why you should care The eyes of the world are on the U.S. America ca n't very well be the world 's super power and be mediocre at soccer . This is its chance to go toe-to-toe with the second-best team in the business : the ruthlessly efficient Germany . When the tournament began , the luck of the draw placed the U.S. team in the so-called "  Group of Death . " The boys , led by Clint Dempsey aka "  Captain America , " survived Ghana , beating them 2-1 . Then , they almost slayed powerhouse Portugal . Almost -- but for a last-minute header that torpedoed their lead . That game ended in a 2-2 draw . Now , the only thing standing between this group stage and a sweet spot in the next round is Die Mannschaft , German for "  The Team . " " The United States is known to give everything they have in every single game , " Klinsmann said . "  We have that fighting spirit . " Why you should worry Here 's one reason : The two teams have met nine times ; Germany 's come out on top six of those times . Here 's another : In the last seven World Cups , Germany has always won its its third game . This is its third . Gulp ! Here 's a third : Team USA 's last game was in Manaus , a notoriously hot and muggy field in the Brazilian jungle . Every other team that played in that giant sauna lost their next matches . Why you should n't worry Because the same man who was responsible for transforming Germany into a lean , mean fighting machine is now the U.S. coach . Klinsmann took the German national team all the way to the World Cup semifinals in 2006 . More importantly , he changed the way the Germans played . He turned a defense-minded squad into hungry goal-seekers . He 's instilled those same traits on the U.S. team . "  We know how dangerous Team USA can be if we only play at 90 % and not take them seriously , " said German player Mesu Oezil . Need more ? Germany may have peaked . The team decimated Portugal in its first game , but looked sluggish against Ghana . The U.S. was potent in its first match ; even better in its second . Need a third ? The last time the teams met -- in a "  friendly " in June of last year -- USA beat Germany 4-3 . A "  friendly " match is a game arranged between teams outside tournament competition . Who you should watch Germany 's Thomas Muller . He is one of only two players who 've scored a hat trick in this tournament -- that 's 3 goals in one game .  The other is Switzerland 's Xherdan Shaqiri .  Hat tricks are rare -- and a true measure of a striker 's prowess . On the U.S. side , Clint Dempsey wo n't disappoint . He scored the sixth-fastest goal in World Cup history when he plowed one in 29 seconds into Team USA 's opener with Ghana . He took a foot to the face , broke his nose -- and returned in the game against Portugal to score again . Expect a comeback from Michael Bradley . He 's been a disappointment so far . He kept losing the ball during the Ghana match . And even though he was much , much better in the second U.S. outing , it was he who lost the ball that led Portugal to tie the game . He 'll be looking to redeem his reputation as "  Il Generale "  the General  , a nickname Italian fans bestowed on him when he played for the club , Roma , for his ability to take charge and score goals . Who wo n't be there Reliable goal scorer Jozy Altidore , who strained his hamstring in the opener . He sat out the Portugal game and has to sit out this one too . What should you ignore Any talk of the two teams conspiring to settle for a tie . If the U.S. and Germany play to a draw , both advance to the second round . This has led some soccer fans to grouse that given Klinsmann 's close relationship with the German coach , the two may strike some sort of backroom deal . Joachim Loew was Klinsmann 's assistant when he coached the German national team . The two are now close friends . Also , Team USA 's roster is stacked with five German-Americans who will now go head-to-head with the same players they grew up with . But both coaches have rejected any talk of colluding . " ' I do n't think that we are made for draws , " Klinsmann said after the Portugal encounter . " ' I think both teams go into this game and they want to win the group . " Loew is equally dismissive . "  When you want to draw , it never works . It 's impossible , " he said . "  Always , the aim is to win the match . " What should the U.S. do In Tim Howard , the U.S has one of the best goal keepers in the world . But he will be tested big time by a relentless German attack . So , the U.S. has to try and go for an early goal , like it did with Ghana . Aside from an incredible morale boost , it 's better than trying to keep Germany at bay for 90 minutes . How can the U.S. advance There are several scenarios . The obvious is to beat Germany outright . Team USA would get three points for the victory , giving it seven . No other team in the group can match that , so the Americans go through to the next stage . It goes through even with a tie . That gives both five points . But if the U.S. loses , things get complicated . It 'll then depend on the outcome of the other Ghana-Portugal game , which will be going on at the same time . Portugal wins by a narrow margin , USA still comes second in the group and goes through . That 's because Portugal is way down in the point count . But if Ghana wins by two or more , it 'll be the Africans and not the Americans who advance -- making this the third World Cup in a row where Ghana eliminates Team USA . Who will win Expect a desperate scramble to score a first goal . Whoever scores first gets the edge . However , if the game is still scoreless , say , in the 60th minute , expect both Germany and the U.S. to pull back and settle for a draw . 5 things : What to watch for today Game goes on despite weather CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Fred Pleitgen contributed to this report .	A win or a draw sends U.S. to the next round Germany has won 6 of the 9 times it played U.S. The U.S. coach was once Germany 's national coach The game has several intriguing story lines
CNN Student News  -- January 19 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Pakistan • Haiti • Somalia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A former dictator shows back up in his home country 25 years after he was forced out of power . What happened ? We have the answer in today 's edition of CNN Student News ! First Up : Pakistan Quake AZUZ : First up , an early-morning earthquake hits Pakistan . This happened around 1:30 a.m. local time on Wednesday in a remote area in southwestern Pakistan . Officials said the quake had an initial magnitude of 7.2 . That would mean it was a "  major " quake . There were reports that it lasted 20 or 30 seconds . One scientist said it 's not uncommon for earthquakes to hit this region . China & U.S. Relationship AZUZ : Well , the leaders of the world 's two largest economies get together in Washington , D.C. We 're talking about President Obama and Chinese President Hu Jintao . The Chinese leader is in the U.S. for a visit . The two presidents are scheduled to sit down today to talk about some of the issues that are important to both nations . President Hu landed in Washington yesterday . In addition to President Obama , the Chinese leader is scheduled to sit down with leaders in Congress and business executives . The issue of trade is likely to come up at all of those meetings . The U.S. and Chinese economies are connected in a lot of ways , and each country has had some complaints about the other one 's policies . Jill Dougherty has more for us on the connections between the U.S. and China and the current status of the relationship between these two world powers . BEGIN VIDEO JILL DOUGHERTY , CNN FOREIGN AFFAIRS CORRESPONDENT : Two nations oceans apart , locked in a complex relationship that will help chart the 21st century . HILLARY CLINTON , U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE : Today , our relationship has gone global . We debate and discuss nearly every major international issue . DOUGHERTY : Friends or rivals ? A former deputy secretary of state says for the U.S. , China is both . RICHARD ARMITAGE , FORMER DEPUTY SECRETARY OF STATE : They are a factor of life as the second largest economy in the world , by every measure , whether it 's political , social , economic , and for that matter security . And furthermore , they have very key interests of their own in areas that are extraordinarily important to us . DOUGHERTY : Spin the globe and you see China 's growing competition with the U.S. for access and influence . From Africa , where China craves oil and other resources , to Latin America , in search of commodities and alternatives to its heavy investment in the U.S. For many Americans , China , for years , has meant bargains . But increasingly , China means jobs for Americans at home . U.S. TREASURY SECRETARY TIMOTHY GEITHNER : Our exports to China are growing at twice the rate of growth of our exports to the rest of the world . These exports support hundreds of thousands of jobs across the nation in all sectors . U.S. DEFENSE SECRETARY ROBERT GATES : We welcome a China that plays a constructive role on the world stage . DOUGHERTY : Yet China 's burgeoning military power is stoking concern in Asia and the U.S. GATES : But questions about its intentions and opaque military modernization program have been a source of concern to its neighbors . DOUGHERTY : Washington says with power comes responsibility . For now , China looks outward , mostly to benefit itself ARMITAGE : China 's outreach , I believe , in the main is based on what they perceive is their economic and political interest . However , it is the case that this compels them on occasion to deal with what we consider pariah regimes . DOUGHERTY : The U.S. really needs China 's help in pressing Iran and North Korea on their nuclear programs . But on every world issue , from terrorism to climate change to piracy on the high seas , Washington also looks to Beijing . CLINTON : Embracing the obligations that come with being a 21st century power will help to realize a future that will give the Chinese people even more , in fact , unimagined opportunities . But that means accepting a share of the burden of solving common problems , DOUGHERTY : And that , Clinton argues , includes respecting human rights , releasing political prisoners and protecting ethnic minorities in Tibet . END VIDEO Health Care Repeal ? AZUZ : Moving on to our next story today . The U.S. House of Representatives , there 's a vote scheduled today to repeal , or overturn , the controversial health care reform law . During last year 's midterm election campaigns , a lot of Republicans said they 'd try to overturn the law if they were elected . They won a majority in the House , so this vote is a way for them to keep that promise . Most people though -- including most Republicans -- do n't expect the health care law to be completely overturned . That 's because an outright repeal has to be passed by the House and the Senate , and Democrats have a majority in the U.S. Senate . Shoutout STAN CASE , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's first Shoutout goes out to Mr. Ireland and Ms. Van Gelder 's class at Palo Verde High School in Tucson , Arizona ! Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier is a former dictator of what country ? Is it : A  Algeria , B  Cuba , C  France or D  Haiti ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Duvalier ruled Haiti for 15 years ; he was forced out of the country in 1986 . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! "  Baby Doc " Returns AZUZ : "  Baby Doc " Duvalier is back in Haiti this week . He showed up in the Caribbean nation on Sunday . Yesterday , he was taken into custody while authorities decided whether or not to officially arrest him . Human rights groups say that while Duvalier was in power , thousands of Haitians were killed or tortured . He was also accused of taking money from the country 's treasury . No one 's really sure why "  Baby Doc " -- he 's the person waving -- returned to Haiti . One of his associates said it was connected to the anniversary of last year 's earthquake . Duvalier was given control of the country by his father , who was known as "  Papa Doc . " That 's how the younger Duvalier got the nickname "  Baby Doc . " Shoutout Extra Credit TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for a Shoutout Extra Credit ! Which of these countries is part of the Horn of Africa ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Somalia , B  Liberia , C  Tunisia or D  Namibia ? Rewind the clock to three seconds -- GO ! Of these options , only Somalia is part of the Horn of Africa . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout Extra Credit ! Pirate Proof AZUZ : The area around the Horn of Africa , specifically , the waters off the coast of Somalia , is home to more pirate attacks than anywhere else in the world . That 's according to a new report that found 2010 was the worst year ever for piracy worldwide . Zain Verjee looks at some of the ways companies and governments can protect themselves from pirates . BEGIN VIDEO ZAIN VERJEE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : The hope is this can ward off pirates . It may seem laughable , but mannequins posing as guards in the dead of night could fool pirates and force them to flee . There are other tactics , as one NATO commander tells me . LARRY TRIM , NATO COMMANDER : Barbed wire , perhaps , around their ship . They have extra lookouts posted to look for Somali pirates . They have a routine where they can find fire flares , water hoses , etc. . VERJEE : Warships try to stop pirates before they hit major shipping lanes like the Gulf of Aden . The captain would have seen a skiff out there and then ordered out the Marines to go and deal with the pirates . TRIM : We take away their equipment . We take away their mother ships , which is damaging to them , and then send them back to shore . VERJEE : In Mombasa , Kenya , the Greek commander of this warship supports operations around Somalia for the European Naval Force , EU NAVFOR . He tells me what 's tough . CAPTAIN VASILEIOS EFSTATHIOU , EU NAVAL FORCE SOMALIA : The area is really huge . The area of operation is equal about the size of the United States . VERJEE : Just compare the size here . A powerful warship like this one , completely outfitted with weapons and technology , is chasing around boats smaller than the size of this one out on the Indian Ocean . Deep in a building in central London , one private , maritime security firm has got a bird 's - eye view . They 're watching feeds , tracking vessels and weather patterns . RAURI DOWDS , MARITIME UNDERWATER SECURITY CONSULTANCY : We analyze them to try and create a picture of what 's real and what 's not . VERJEE : They help steer ships in real time , sometimes to rougher waters where small pirate skiffs ca n't operate . DOWDS : We always consider factors such as rainfall and most importantly the wind . VERJEE : Everyone I speak to tells me there 's only one real solution for Somalia . That 's not on the sea , but on the shore , where only a government that works can control its people . For now , as Somali pirates plan attacks , real men , and , oh , let 's call them reinforcements , patrol the high seas hoping ships pass safely . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : We have another singing sensation for today 's Before We Go segment . Maestro , please take your seat . A quick look to make sure that the audience is paying attention . And now , you make sure you have the perfect pitch , and let the performance begin . Something tells me this wo n't earn a standing ovation . The crooning canine 's owners say he practices at the piano three or four times every day . It sounds painful ! Goodbye AZUZ : But I guess after a while , they just learned tune him out . Luckily , they 're music and dog lovers . Otherwise , that little guy might be flat . We hope you 'll note that CNN Student News returns tomorrow , when we pitch out more commercial-free headlines . Bye bye !	Find out what topic is likely to come up as China 's leader visits the U.S. Hear about a former Haitian dictator 's surprising return to his country Consider some of the ways that companies and governments fight piracy Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- An anti-abortion activist charged with gunning down a Wichita , Kansas , doctor can not use the "  necessity defense " at trial , a judge ruled Tuesday . Scott Roeder , 51 , is set to stand trial January 11 on one count of first-degree murder in the death of Dr. George Tiller , who was shot to death at his church May 31 . Tiller ran a women 's clinic in which he performed abortions . Tiller , 67 , was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions . He had already survived one attempt on his life before he was slain . Under a necessity defense , a defendant argues an action was justified because breaking the law was more advantageous to society than following it . Several anti-abortion activists facing criminal charges have attempted to use the defense but none has been successful . In an Associated Press interview last month , Roeder admitted killing Tiller and said he plans to argue at this trial that the shooting was justified . "  Because of the fact preborn children 's lives were in imminent danger , this was the action I chose , " he said . " ... I want to make sure that the focus is , of course , obviously on the preborn children and the necessity to defend them . " Roeder 's comments prompted prosecutors to file a motion asking Sedgwick County Judge Warren Wilbert to bar Roeder 's attorneys from using the defense . Wilbert noted that the Kansas Supreme Court , in a previous case regarding blocking entrance to an abortion clinic , ruled the necessity defense can not be used when the harm the defendant claims to be avoiding through his or her actions is a constitutional and legal activity , and the defendant broke the law . That precedent , Wilbert said , required him to rule that the necessity defense is not a viable defense in Kansas or in the Roeder case . Defense attorney Mark Rudy pointed out to Wilbert that the defense team has not yet acknowledged what their tactic might be . Roeder , however , filed a 100-page motion on his own behalf , Sedgwick County District Attorney Nola Foulston said Tuesday , on the necessity defense , acknowledging it previously has been unsuccessful . Prosecutors also asked Wilbert to bar Roeder 's attorneys from claiming his alleged actions were justified because he used force in the defense of another -- the unborn . Wilbert said that would require further argument -- particularly an offering from defense attorneys regarding the evidence they plan to present in support of that premise at trial . "  I will leave the door open on the issues surrounding use of force in defense of another , " the judge said , adding he does not mean it 's "  wide open . " Under the law , such a defense can only be used if a defendant was preventing unlawful conduct . Foulston argued that Tiller posed no threat that would justify his shooting . "  Dr. Tiller was not an aggressor , " she said . Roeder is also charged with two counts of aggravated assault for threatening two church members . Dressed in a coat and tie , he conferred with his attorneys and listened intently to the arguments on Tuesday . In a June interview with CNN 's Ted Rowlands , Roeder would not admit that he killed Tiller , but said that if he is convicted , "  the entire motive was the defense of the unborn . " Roeder 's attorneys also argued Tuesday that the trial should be moved outside Wichita because extensive pretrial publicity in the case could have tainted the jury pool . Foulston , meanwhile , noted that Roeder , who has talked often to the media , brought some of that publicity on himself . Wilbert said 300 jury summonses have gone out in the case , and he was optimistic that some impartial jurors could be found . However , he said he would revisit the issue later if the court experienced difficulty in picking jurors . Rudy also asked that the judge prohibit prosecutors from excluding potential jurors because they have anti-abortion beliefs . The judge said he was confident that some individuals who are anti-abortion would still be able to make an impartial decision , but suggested the issue be examined on a juror-by-juror basis if the court recognizes a pattern of exclusion during jury selection . "  I ca n't make a pretrial ruling and just make a broad-brush approach , " he said .	Scott Roeder is accused of first-degree murder in the death of Dr. George Tiller Tiller was one of the few U.S. doctors who performed late-term abortions Necessity defense : Defendant argues breaking the law is better for society than following it Judge bars Roeder from using the necessity defense in the doctor 's slaying
In our Behind the Scenes series , CNN correspondents share their experiences in covering news and analyze the stories behind the events . After a one-on-one interview with President Obama on Wednesday , CNN en Español 's Juan Carlos López is traveling with Obama to Mexico City and to the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago . President Obama and Mexican President Felipe Calderón in Mexico City on Thursday . MEXICO CITY , Mexico  CNN  -- It 's the return of an American president to Mexico City . Although George W. Bush visited the country several times , he never made it to this city of more than 20 million people , and it is President Obama 's first visit to Latin America . Obama 's relationship with Mexico started on shaky ground , although the first foreign leader he met with as president-elect was Mexican President Felipe Calderón . Reports from the Pentagon and the CIA considered that Mexico was at risk of becoming a failed state , something that did n't sit well with the Calderón government . Washington corrected course and even admitted its own responsibility in Mexico 's growing drug war , which killed 6,000 last year alone . Statements by Cabinet members and Obama himself calmed things down , but tensions arose again . Congress ended a pilot program that allowed Mexican trucks into U.S. territory , as contemplated in the North America Free Trade Agreement ; Mexico , in line with the treaty , retaliated by imposing fees on 90 U.S. products . Even so , the bilateral relationship is at a high point and large-scale protests are n't expected when Obama visits the Mexican capital . But there are pending issues , such as immigration reform , trade and a pressing question in this capital : Who will the next U.S. ambassador be ? Local media have been reporting that Carlos Pascual , a Cuban-American expert on Europe and a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine , is Obama 's choice , but the fact that he wrote a report for the Brookings Institute on Iraq and the importance of reconstructing a failed state was n't well received in political and government circles . Obama and Calderón have a lot to sort out in this one-day visit . Then comes the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago , where Obama will face 33 heads of state , including Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , who called Obama ignorant on Latin-American issues , and other leaders who want Cuba , a member of the Organization of American States suspended since 1962 , to be reinstated . Although Obama lifted some restrictions on travel and remittances to the island by Cuban-Americans , many in the region want more , including the lifting of the decades-old embargo , something Obama says he is not considering . It is not clear if Obama will be welcomed in the same way he was by Europe two weeks ago , but so far the signs are positive -- to have a U.S. president saying he is willing to listen to and treat Latin American neighbors as equals is something the region is n't used to .	Lopez : Obama 's relationship with Mexico started on shaky ground But now , the bilateral relationship is at a high point , he says Lopez : Pending issues , such as immigration reform , trade There also is high interest in who will be U.S. ambassador to Mexico , he says
CNN  Four years . At least 220,000 people killed -- more than one every 10 minutes . Millions displaced . The Syrian civil war is a human calamity and it 's getting worse , according to a furious new report from more than 20 aid groups . U.N. Security Council resolutions aimed at protecting civilians caught up in the conflict have failed miserably , the humanitarian organizations say in the report released Thursday . "  This spiraling catastrophe is a stain on the conscience of the international community , " says the report , whose signatories include Oxfam and Save the Children . "  We 're worried that , as we approach the fourth anniversary , this could turn into a situation of acceptance -- ` Oh , that 's just the way it is over there ' -- and that must n't be , " Nigel Timmins , deputy director for Oxfam Great Britain , told CNN . It highlights the paltry results of a Security Council resolution passed in February 2014 that called for an increase in humanitarian aid , a halt to attacks on civilians , an end to kidnapping and torture and the lifting of sieges of populated areas . "  In the 12 months since Resolution 2139 was passed , civilians in Syria have witnessed ever-increasing destruction , suffering and death , " the report says . The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group , has reported that 2014 was the deadliest year so far in the grinding conflict that began in March 2011 as an uprising against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and splintered into a chaotic civil war . More than 76,000 people were killed in the violence in Syria last year , nearly 18,000 of them civilians , according to the observatory . The conflict has brought allegations of atrocities carried out by al-Assad 's forces and enabled ISIS ' savage rule over parts of the country . Attempts at peace talks involving the government and opposition have so far gone nowhere . As the war threatens to sow further chaos in the region , the United States and its allies are bombing ISIS targets in Syria and working to arm and train rebel groups . The aid groups ' report , entitled "  Failing Syria , " reeled off a list of worsening problems reported by international agencies : The report called on Security Council members to "  use their influence with the warring parties and their financial resources to put an end to the suffering of Syrian civilians . " In Washington , a group of Syrian Americans and other supporters gathered near the White House on Wednesday to mark the four years of bloodshed and read the names of 100,000 people who were killed in the violence . A U.N. aid official told CNN of the crisis unfolding at one particular refugee camp in Syria that he had just visited . "  What I saw yesterday really shattered and devastated me , " said Pierre Krahenbuhl , the head of of the U.N. Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees who has been working in conflict zones for 20 years . Around 18,000 Palestinian refugees in the Yarmouk camp are in "  dire " need of food and health aid , he said Wednesday , describing seeing enfeebled men and a fainting pregnant woman waiting for assistance . The ongoing conflict is adding to the plight of the camp 's inhabitants . "  You have inside the camp a number of armed groups and of course you then have government armed forces around it , " Krahenbuhl said . "  There is this link between the presence of armed groups inside and the suffering taking place . "	Report : Syrian conflict is "  a stain on the conscience of the international community " U.N. resolutions aimed at helping civilians have failed to change the situation , it says At least 220,000 people are estimated to have been killed in four years of war
CNN  -- Chelsea 's onfield successes this year have led to the European soccer champions ' first financial profit during the nine-year reign of owner Roman Abramovich . The Russian billionaire has bankrolled the English Premier League club since buying it for a nominal fee in 2003 , posting big losses every year since then as he has sanctioned spending sprees to sign some of the sport 's biggest players . Last year ended in a loss of # 67.7 million  $ 108 million  but the figures up to June 30 , 2012 reveal a profit of # 1.4 million  $ 2.2 million  . Chelsea also announced on Friday that it had made a record turnover of # 255.7 million  $ 407 million  -- which it said is the fifth largest of any European club . That was a boost of # 33 million  $ 52 million  from last year , driven by the club 's first UEFA Champions League title and a profit on player sales of # 28.8 million  $ 46 million  . The latter figure came despite offloading players such as Didier Droga , Nicolas Anelka and Salomon Kalou on free transfers while spending big on Juan Mata and Romelu Lukaku in that period . In comparison , Premier League rival Arsenal -- which has a more prudent transfer policy -- made a profit of # 30.6 million  $ 48 million  on turnover of # 243 million  $ 386 million  in figures released in September . Another key element in Chelsea 's finances is that # 166.6 million  $ 265 million  of intergroup debt was capitalized into equity -- effectively personal loans to the club written off by Abramovich -- to leave the club debt free . Chelsea is one of the clubs under the financial spotlight following the implementation of UEFA 's new financial fairplay rules , which require teams to be self sufficient and limit the amount that benefactors such as Abramovich can spend with no expectation of return . If they do n't meet these targets , which are being phased in over a number of years , then clubs face expulsion from top European competitions . "  The big challenge is always to have a successful team on the field that wins trophies and to make a profit at the same time , " said Chelsea chief executive Ron Gourlay . "  The objectives have been set across the whole business , from the Academy to Under-21s and all the way through to the first team . "  Our club philosophy is built on success . We had that success on the field this year , as we were the first London team to win the UEFA Champions League , and we enjoyed it off the field as well and this helps us inject financial investment into the team . " Chelsea has also sought to boost its income streams , signing a three-year global energy deal with Russian corporation Gazprom in July while also taking full control of its digital media operations . "  We 're in favor of Financial Fair Play , " manager Roberto di Matteo told reporters on Friday ahead of this weekend 's home clash with Liverpool . "  We 're doing everything in our power to comply with the new rules , and this is great news for the club . "  For the first time , we 've been able to achieve a profit -- also thanks to the success on field , but off field as well , with new sponsor deals and also the transfer market . "  Going forward , I think that puts Chelsea in a strong position to remain competitive at domestic level but also international level . " It has been a mixed season so far for Chelsea , with impressive onfield performances marred by racism controversies . Captain John Terry has just completed a four-match ban for abusing a black opponent a year ago , while the club has lodged a complaint against EPL referee Mark Clattenburg over alleged racist remarks made to Nigerian midfielder John Obi Mikel . A Chelsea fan has also been arrested for making an alleged monkey gesture towards a Manchester United player during last week 's English League Cup match at Stamford Bridge .	Chelsea announces profit of $ 2.2 million for the period ending June 30 , 2012 It is the first time the English club has been in black since Roman Abramovich took over Russian has bankrolled Chelsea in recent years but new rules threaten to curb this Club says it now has the fifth largest turnover of any team in Europe
CNN  -- Record breaking wicketkeeper Mark Boucher 's enforced retirement is a "  huge loss " for South African cricket , its former chief Ali Bacher told CNN Wednesday . Boucher was the victim of a freak accident while playing for the South African tourists in England against county side Somerset as splinters from a bail left him with a serious eye injury . The 35-year-old Boucher was set to be a key figure for the Proteas in their upcoming series against Test cricket 's top ranked team in England , but has been left in his own words with an "  uncertain recovery " after emergency surgery on his left eye . Bacher , who was in charge of South African cricket when Boucher first came to prominence in 1997 , paid his own tribute . "  A fierce competitor , very determined , always playing to win . I would call him as a terrific pressure player , " he said . "  He seemed to rise to the occasion , whenever South Africa got into trouble , " Bacher added . Boucher averaged just over 30 with the bat with five Test centuries , but his work behind the stumps set new milestones . He has a record number of 555 dismissals in Tests and 999 in all forms of international cricket , a tantalizing one short of the thousand mark . He also played a record number of Tests at 147 for a wicketkeeper . Many of them were during the career of former South African paceman Makhaya Ntini , the pair combining to send many batsmen back to the pavilion . "  I think special mention should be made of the role that he played in the ultimate success of Makhaya Ntini , " said Bacher . "  There 's no question , speaking to Makhaya on many occasions that Mark had a very profound beneficial effect on his career as a mentor , to guide him , to give him the benefit of his experience as Makhaya became an international budding star for South Africa . " Boucher had an inspirational effect on all his teammates and tributes have flooded in since his career was cut short in such unfortunate fashion . Bacher , himself a former Test star , said it was likely AB de Villiers would take his place behind the stumps for the series against England which starts next week . Thami Tsolikile , 31 , has also been drafted into the squad as a replacement . But Bacher said Boucher would be tough to replace in the short term . "  It 's a huge loss for South African cricket , he 's had a most distinguished career in cricket for his country and he will certainly go down as one of our greatest ever cricketers . "	Former South African chief Ali Bacher pays tribute to Mark Boucher Bacher says Boucher 's enforced retirement will be a ` huge loss ' Boucher set world records for dismissals by a wicketkeeper AB de Villiers set to take place behind stumps against England
Orlando  CNN  -- First , it was a record-breaking book series , selling more than 450 million copies worldwide . Then , it became the most successful movie franchise in history . Now , it is a theme-park phenomenon that has fans in a frenzy . Diagon Alley , a second area of the Wizarding World of Harry Potter , opens July 8 at Universal Studios Florida . Guests will be immersed in the new Potter paradise , which spans about 20 acres and includes a high-tech ride , the Leaky Cauldron restaurant , a handful of elaborate shops and stage shows , and the Hogwarts Express train between Diagon Alley and the separate Hogsmeade area in the adjacent Islands of Adventure park . "  Universal smartly involved  "  Harry Potter " series author J.K. Rowling  and the production designers from the Harry Potter films in every step of the design process , " said Robert Niles , editor of themeparkinsider.com . This means nearly every detail , down to the cobblestone streets and the Hogwarts Express , is just as it was in the films . The marquee ride Harry Potter and the Escape from Gringotts puts guests smack dab in the middle of the recognizable grand bank lobby filled with hardworking animatronic goblins , some counting money , others jotting down bank records . Turn the corner and head down the hallway , and you realize you 're in Bill Weasley 's office . Then , board souped-up elevators that make you feel as if you are going deep into the cavernous vaults . Finally , hop into a 12-person vehicle that takes you into Gringotts Bank . It 's part roller coaster , part 3-D motion-based ride . The other attraction , the Hogwarts Express , where Harry meets pals Hermione and Ron in the first movie , is equally detailed . It takes about four minutes to shuttle people back and forth between Hogsmeade  in Islands of Adventure  and Diagon Alley  in Universal Studios  . Once on board , guests step into train carriages . As the doors shut , the 3-D video screens show images of Hagrid on a flying motorcycle , the Weasley twins on their brooms and the Knight Bus in London . But keep an eye on the doorway , where shadows of Dementors , Harry , Ron and Hermione make guests feel like they are in a scene from the movies . The themed land also includes a number of shops frequented by the young wizards in the movies , such as Weasley 's Wizarding Wheezes , which sells unusual items like Skiving Snackboxes that come with Fainting Fancies , Nosebleed Nougats , Fever Fudge and Puking Pastilles .  In the movies , wizards use these to make themselves appear ill . In real life , they are sweet treats . Inside Wiseacres , you 'll find armillary spheres  $ 179.95  , which wizards use in astronomy class , and in Madam Malkin 's Robes for All Occasions , there are loads of Hogwarts ties and robes , quaffles and brooms ranging from $ 34.95 to $ 300 . The Leaky Cauldron has a menu featuring British classics like toad in the hole  sausage baked in a flour-egg batter , $ 8.99  , fish and chips , and bangers and mash . Plus , there are draught beers brewed specifically for Diagon Alley , including Wizard 's Brew and Dragon 's Scale , and non-alcoholic drinks like Fishy Green Ale and Tongue Tying Lemon Squash . Perhaps the most talked-about food item is butterbeer ice cream , served at Florean Fortescue 's Ice Cream Parlour . There are live shows throughout the day . "  The Tales of Beedle the Bard " features a troupe of four from the Wizarding Academy of Dramatic Arts . The lively performers retell two of the famed tales of Beedle the Bard , a 15th-century author of wizarding fairy tales . The other show is a lively musical performance featured in the Potter movies . The boy with the lightning-bolt scar on his forehead is ingrained in pop culture . So , it comes as no surprise that Universal continues to invest in the franchise . "  The Wizarding World of Harry Potter-Hogsmeade  which opened in 2010  has been one of the most successful attractions in the history of themed entertainment , in terms of attendance numbers , Universal 's bottom line and the impact it has had on the rest of the industry , " said Andy Brennan , industry analyst with IBISWorld . Likewise , expanding the Wizarding World by creating Diagon Alley at Universal Studios , which Brennan says has cost about $ 400 million to construct , was a no-brainer . "  Hogsmeade reportedly cost over $ 250 million , " he added , "  so this is NBCUniversal 's most significant investment to date . " Plus , "  combined attendance at Islands of Adventure and Universal Studios has jumped more than 50 % since 2009 , " Brennan said . "  NBCUniversal 's theme park revenue is up nearly 40 % since 2009 , much of which can be directly attributed to the popular WWHP . " Diagon Alley will certainly lure park-goers to Orlando , which is experiencing one of the most significant expansion periods in the destination 's history . According to Visit Orlando , there were 59 million visitors in 2013 , up 27 % from 46.6 million in 2009 . If you go : Admission into Universal Studios Florida  $ 96 for adults and $ 90 for kids ages 3 to 9  allows you to roam around the park and visit Diagon Alley . However , if you 'd like to pop over to Hogsmeade  at Universal 's Islands of Adventure  via the Hogwarts Express , you must purchase park-to-park admission  $ 136 for adults , $ 130 for kids ages 3 to 9  .	Diagon Alley at Universal Studios Florida expands the Wizarding World of Harry Potter A new ride , Escape from Gringotts , is at the center of this part of the experience General admission to Universal Studios includes Diagon Alley but not Hogsmeade Park-to-park admission is required to visit both Diagon Alley and Hogsmeade
CNN  -- When online media first arose , one of the common complaints about it was that it was n't very portable . Unlike books or magazines , you could n't easily read your desktop or laptop on the bus or in the bathroom . But mobile digital media hold the promise of a return to convenient portable reading . And new statistics from the popular online reading list service ReadItLater indicate that mobile devices are not only changing where people are reading but when . ReadItLater is a free service that allows internet users to save the full text of articles and other content they encounter online on a personal reading list . It then displays this content in a format that 's very friendly to mobile devices . I use ReadItLater  and one of its competitors , Instapaper  to save longer-format content  like 5,000-word Harper 's articles  for later digital reading in a way that I find easier on the eyes than extended reading sessions on a Web browser . Almost always , this means reading articles on my Android phone -- usually when I 'm on public transit or waiting in line somewhere but often also when I 'm lying in bed . According to a recent ReadItLater blog post , users of this service save articles to their lists at a fairly constant pace throughout the day , but they read this content mostly in the evening , from 6 to 9 p.m. . But when ReadItLater took a close look at statistics for its iPhone and iPad users , a different trend emerged . For iPhone users , there tended to be four peak reading times : • 6 a.m. : Early morning , breakfast • 9 a.m. : Morning commute , start of the workday • 5-6 p.m. : End of the workday , commute home • 8-10 p.m. : Couch time , prime time , bedtime "  In reality , this really is a graph of whitespace time , " says the post . "  Whitespace is the time between A and B. It 's the time on the subway or bus . It 's the time standing in line . It 's a spare moment . " For iPad users , ReadItLater noticed one especially huge peak reading time : 8 to 10 p.m. "  This time slot is the same one coveted by television . When the majority of people are consuming content it seems perfectly natural that people would use this time to do their reading as well . " ReadItLater also found that "  iPad owners are no longer doing the majority of their reading on their computers . " This makes sense to me , since iPads are primarily media consumption devices while computers and smartphones are better suited for communication and content creation . ReadItLater did not offer statistics for Android devices , but this service does not offer its own Android app . The NewsRoom Android app by Trileet Inc. is supported by the ReadItLater API and is one option for Android users . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran . Thanks to Sonya Quick of the Orange County Register for bringing the ReadItLater post to my attention .	Mobile digital media hold the promise of a return to convenient portable reading ReadItLater is a free service that saves online articles into a personal mobile reading list Surveys show people read content on phones during down times , such as waiting in line
CNN  Some members of the U.S. Congress may be resisting proposed new sanctions on Iran , but their opposition does n't seem likely to stop Congress passing legislation on Tehran 's nuclear program by the end of March . As one of the negotiators who sat across the table from the Iranians for the past 15 months , though , I can assure you that legislation at this juncture risks undermining a deal that is clearly in the interest of all parties . Fortunately , there now seems to be broad consensus that introducing more sanctions with immediate effect would simply play into the hands of Iranian hard-liners . With that in mind , ideas for moving legislation have turned to focus on two concepts : establishing a "  trigger " for new sanctions , linked either to an arbitrary future date or a collapse in the talks , and defining what would constitute a good deal and requiring an "  up or down " vote on it . But as attractive as these concepts might appear , movement of such legislation still risks sparking an escalatory cycle that the talks neither need nor can handle . Indeed , Iran 's parliament has already demonstrated the risk of raising the stakes now . In a step that directly mirrors the Senate Banking Committee 's decision on January 29 to bring to the Senate floor a "  trigger " sanctions bill , Iranian lawmakers moved forward a bill of their own that would require the termination of all compliance with the Joint Plan of Action , or JPOA , if new U.S. sanctions were approved or imposed . Should talks collapse , there is common understanding that the JPOA would fall apart and the status quo approach would return . But , through their separate actions , legislators on both sides guarantee it . To justify such a risk , proponents of new U.S. legislation often suggest that there are doubts internationally that sanctions will be expanded significantly should talks fail . However , there is scant evidence to support this supposition and much to suggest otherwise . For a start , sanctions enforcement has continued apace during the JPOA , which was originally agreed in November 2013 . Nearly o100 entities and individuals have been sanctioned , and there are daily efforts by U.S. personnel to investigate cases and work with foreign partners on enforcement . Second , although businesses are showing new interest in Iran , no new commercial deals have emerged . I have discussed this issue with companies and banks , and they have relayed that they are waiting to see whether a final deal can be reached before plunging back into Iran because it was expensive and complicated to get out in the first place , and because many underlying risks remain present . The fact is that they wo n't go back until they know how the talks will turn out . Other critics focus on the quality of the deal being negotiated and want Congress to have a say . And as a negotiator , I spent almost as much time with members of Congress over the past 15 months as I did with Iranians and the P5 +1 . As a result , I was acutely aware of congressional views and ensured that they directly affected the policy options we pursued in the talks . Congressional concerns were raised at the negotiating table not only by U.S. negotiators , but by fellow members of the P5 +1 , and even by the Iranians . Congress is very much present in these negotiations . It is also important to remember that the disadvantages of defining a deal explicitly in law outweigh the theoretical negotiating advantages . If the point is to prevent a bad deal from being implemented by the United States , then Congress has less provocative ways to do so while talks are ongoing , including by refusing to fund the implementation of such a deal once reached . If the point is to create red lines for the Iranian negotiators , then Congress will have the opposite of its desired effect : defining a "  good deal " in detail forces Iranian negotiators to cross our red lines to maintain their revolutionary credentials and sell a deal at home . Indeed , I have seen first-hand how Iran tends to reject any P5 +1 idea that is leaked , because , if accepted , then Iran would be forced to admit a concession . Negotiating in private , with U.S. and Iranian requirements neutrally described in public , avoids this morass . All this suggests that the push for legislation now hinges on the claim that U.S. strength needs to be reasserted . This is staggering to me . If nothing else , our sanctions efforts against Iran -- of which I was a leading architect since 2006 -- demonstrate the strength and reach of U.S. power , if judiciously applied . The Iranian government will have to make real concessions to correct the damage sanctions have done to its economy -- it is not the United States that needs to shore up its position and we should act accordingly . Ironically , the one thing that could imperil our leadership abroad would be to undermine the talks at home . And legislation can have other negative effects : a slightly noticed part of the Iranian bill would require all sanctions to be terminated before a comprehensive arrangement could be implemented . If this became law , then Iranian negotiators would be powerless to allow the phased reduction of sanctions in response to Iran taking specific nuclear steps , a key element of the P5 +1 approach . Ultimately , there is a role for Congress to play , but lawmakers should fulfill their oversight role without being unnecessarily prescriptive and , having set expectations for negotiators already , should leave the exact contours of a deal to our scientists , experts and diplomats . Congress should not harm its own cause by legislating on Iran now .	Congress has been discussing whether to impose more sanctions on Iran Richard Nephew : Movement of such legislation still risks sparking escalatory cycle
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suspected missile strike from a U.S. Predator drone killed at least four people in a house in Pakistan 's North Waziristan region early Saturday . Marchers protest recent U.S. missile strikes on the Pakistani tribal areas . The attack , which occurred in the Mir Ali subdivision in the village of Ali Khel , was one of several to hit the country Saturday . Six people were injured in Saturday 's attack , the fourth suspected U.S. strike on Pakistani soil in November . The names of the victims have not been released . It is also not known why the house was targeted . Elsewhere , three people were killed and 11 were injured in an explosion inside a mosque in northwest Pakistan 's tribal region , a government official said . The explosion happened just after 4 p.m.  6 a.m. ET  , leaving the Hangu district mosque inside Pakistan 's North-West Frontier Province in ruins , said Omer Faraz Khan , deputy superintendent of Hangu . He said rescuers were trying to save people trapped under the debris . It was not immediately clear how many people were inside the mosque at the time of the blast . Police were investigating the explosion , which was detonated using a homemade timer , Khan said . Hours later , three bombs exploded about 10 p.m.  noon ET  outside a stadium in Lahore where a music festival was being held , police Inspector Muntzir Kazmi said . A 13-year-old was injured , but it was unknown whether the victim was a boy or girl . This week , Pakistan 's Foreign Ministry summoned U.S. Ambassador Anne Patterson to lodge a formal protest against another suspected U.S. missile strike on its territory , an act Pakistan Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani called a violation of his nation 's sovereignty . Watch Gilani say his country has had enough of U.S. attacks " Wednesday 's strike in the Bannu region of Pakistan 's North-West Frontier Province left five dead and seven wounded . That attack was farther inside Pakistani territory than previous attacks . The attack targeted a home outside the tribal areas that U.S. intelligence says have become a haven for Taliban and al Qaeda fighters battling U.S. and NATO troops in neighboring Afghanistan . The U.S. government has not acknowledged hitting targets within Pakistan , an ally in the war on al Qaeda launched after the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington . However , Pakistan 's government has repeatedly complained about the strikes . Gilani took to the floor of the parliament and renewed his condemnation of the attacks Thursday but added that he thinks they will be controlled when President-elect Barack Obama takes office . In October , the foreign ministry summoned Patterson to lodge a "  strong " protest on continuing missile attacks and said they should be stopped immediately . At the time , a missile strike from a suspected U.S. drone on a compound in South Waziristan killed 20 people . Pakistan 's government said the attacks cost lives and undermine public support for its counterterrorism efforts . The U.S.-led coalition and NATO , based in Afghanistan , have been seeking a way to effectively battle militants who are launching attacks from Pakistan 's swath of tribal areas along the border . They have become frustrated with Islamabad over the years , saying it is not being active enough against militants , a claim Pakistan denies . The United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely .	NEW : Teen killed when three bombs explode outside music festival Four killed after suspected U.S. missile strike fired from drone , official says Attack believed to be fourth in Pakistan since early November Mosque bombing leaves at least three people dead in northwest
CNN  -- A national group opposed to same-sex marriage aimed to fight it by driving "  a wedge between gays and blacks " and identifying "  glamorous " Latino artists and athletes to advocate traditional marriage , according to newly released confidential memos . The strategies were among several pursued by the National Organization for Marriage  NOM  , which has actively campaigned against same-sex marriage efforts . The Human Rights Campaign , a gay rights organization , said it obtained the documents , part of a civil action in Maine , on Monday and published them on its website . "  This court-ordered disclosure shows NOM fighting a losing battle with strategy and tactics that are racially and ethnically divisive , filled with false political calculations , and out of touch with the majority of fair-minded Americans , " Human Rights Campaign said in a statement . Most of the memos were written in 2009 . The president of NOM did not dispute the authenticity of the memos , saying in an online statement , "  Gay marriage is not a civil right . " The memos highlight several efforts to fight same-sex marriage initiatives , which NOM contended were backed by the "  pro-gay Obama agenda . " "  The Latino vote in America is a key swing vote , and will be so even more so in the future because of demographic growth , " one NOM memo states . "  Will the process of assimilation to the dominant Anglo culture lead Hispanics to abandon traditional family values ? We can interrupt this process of assimilation by making support for marriage a key badge of Latino identity . " Plans included Spanish language radio and TV ads , pamphlets and YouTube videos . NOM also targeted what it termed "  Democratic power bosses " it claimed were inclined to put the interests of gay rights groups "  over the values of African-Americans . " "  The strategic goal of this project is to drive a wedge between gays and blacks -- two key Democratic constituencies , " another memo states . "  Find , equip , energize and connect African-American spokespeople for marriage ; develop a media campaign around their objections to gay marriage as a civil right ; provoke the gay marriage base into responding by denouncing these spokesmen and women as bigots . No politician wants to take up and push an issue that splits the base of the party . " NOM argued "  gay marriage is the tip of the spear , the weapon that will be and is being used to marginalize and repress Christianity and the Church . " The organization said Tuesday it was proud of its "  strong record " on minority partnerships . Brian Brown , president of NOM , touted the group 's work with prominent African-American and Hispanic leaders . "  Gay marriage advocates have attempted to portray same-sex marriage as a civil right , but the voices of these and many other leaders have provided powerful witness that this claim is patently false , " Brown said in a statement . "  Gay marriage is not a civil right , and we will continue to point this out in written materials such as those released in Maine . We proudly bring together people of different races , creeds and colors to fight for our most fundamental institution : marriage . " NOM has been instrumental in the campaign to stop same-sex marriage laws , including Maine . Lawmakers there in early 2009 approved a measure legalizing such marriages , but voters in the state later that year passed a referendum to overturn the new law . An effort is currently under way to put a similar measure on the ballot this coming November . A coalition on Tuesday launched Mainers United for Marriage , which wants Maine to become the first state to win marriage for same-sex couples through a ballot measure . The release of NOM documents follows the successful 2009 efforts to overturn Maine 's same-sex marriage law . The court case came about after the Maine Ethics Commission opened an investigation based on a fund-raising complaint from Fred Karger of Californians Against Hate . He alleged financial backers of Stand for Marriage Maine were concealing their identities . NOM was a major contributor to Stand for Marriage Maine , a political action committee , documents showed . NOM , which refused to disclose the names of donors , eventually filed a lawsuit . It claims the commission had limited authority to investigate . Freedom to Marry , which supports same-sex marriage , blasted NOM 's tactics , as outlined in memos that were submitted for depositions . "  NOM has spent years working to drive wedges within communities across the nation , all the while claiming it does not ` hate ' anyone , gay or non-gay , " said group President Evan Wolfson in a statement . "  Now exposure of NOM 's own strategy memos confirms that NOM will stop at nothing to push its agenda , pitting American against American , minority against minority , family members against family members . " CNN 's Justin Lear , Phil Gast and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report .	Group has campaigned against same-sex marriage Memos sought a "  wedge " between gays and blacks over issue Organization also wanted traditional marriage to become a "  key badge " of Latino Identity Human Rights Campaign decries "  ethnically divisive " efforts
CNN  -- African football has been left reeling following the tragic deaths of two players in two days over the weekend , both while appearing for their clubs . On Saturday , Nigerian striker Endurance Idahor collapsed on the pitch and died on his way to hospital while playing for Al Merreikh against Al Amal in a Sudanese league match . The 25-year-old fell to the ground after a minor collision with a rival player and local media later reported that the player had suffered a heart attack . Idahor finished as top scorer during his first season in Sudan and scored 118 goals in 176 appearances for Al Merreikh . Meanwhile , on Sunday , teenage central defender Bartholomew Opoku collapsed while playing for Ghanaian side Kessben in their league clash with Liberty . The 19-year-old was rushed to hospital but passed away on Monday , with the cause of death still unknown . "  It 's a massive tragedy and the whole club is in shock . There was no hint he was unwell , " the BBC Web site quoted Kessben spokesman Fred Acheampong .	African football has been left reeling following the tragic deaths of two players Nigerian striker Endurance Idahor collapsed on the pitch and died in a match in Sudan Teenage defender Bartholomew Opoku collapsed while playing for Ghanaian side Kessben
Mexico City  CNN  -- Headlines heralding violent news of Mexico 's drug war splash across the front pages of the country 's newspapers . Government tallies list more than 34,600 deaths since President Felipe Calderon began a crackdown on cartels in December 2006 . But many stories behind the statistics are never told , Mexican journalist Marcela Turati Munoz told CNN en Español . "  More of a voice has been given to the violent people ; more of a voice has been given to the drug traffickers , and the victims really have not spoken , " Turati said . Through stories in her new book , "  Fuego Cruzado " -- Spanish for "  Crossfire " -- Turati said she hopes long-overlooked victims finally will be heard . Turati conducted interviews in 10 Mexican states while researching the book , which hits shelves Tuesday . In one chapter , she describes a woman , Nicole Polito Malaga , who keeps an altar to honor her three fallen children inside her wood hut . They were among 24 construction workers whose bodies were found in a forest in the Mexican state of Veracruz in 2008 . "  We do not want their memory to be stained . They were not involved with drugs . They were poor , humble people , " she says . A wife describes her family 's collapse after her husband disappeared . A pathologist explains what goes through his mind when he examines a decapitated head . Other stories are told in Turati 's voice , like that of 10 children killed by an explosion in Durango state while on their way to receive "  Opportunities " scholarships from the government . Unable to afford coffins , their families shrouded them in blankets , she writes . In another chapter , "  No place for the children , " Turati takes readers to an interrogation room inside a Laredo , Texas , police station , where a Mexican teenager tells authorities about the first time he killed -- when he was 13 years old . "  I thought I was Superman , " Rosalio Reta says . "  I loved doing it , killing that first person . Then they tried to take my gun , but it was like taking candy from a kid . " Turati said she hopes the stories in the book will not only "  make victims visible " but encourage others to act . "  We still have time to see what is happening , reflect on what happened before and think about what type of society we are forming , with so much suffering , so much pain and so many losses , " she said . CNN 's Mario Gonzalez contributed to this report .	"  Fuego Cruzado " -- Spanish for "  Crossfire " -- hits shelves Tuesday Journalist Marcela Turati Munoz says she conducted interviews in 10 Mexican states "  The victims really have not spoken , " she says Government tallies say more than 34,600 have died in drug war since 2006
CNN  -- Germany captain Michael Ballack enjoyed a dream return to the Bundesliga as his Bayer Leverkusen side claimed an impressive 2-0 victory at Borussia Dortmund on Sunday . Ballack , who rejoined first club Leverkusen during the summer after four years at Chelsea , played his part in a superb team performance as Leverkusen showed they will be one of the teams to watch this season . Swiss midfielder Tranquillo Barnetta opened the scoring for the visitors in the 19th minute and Brazilian Renato Augusto added a second goal just three minutes later to ensure the three points . In Sunday 's other match , Mainz secured a surprise 2-0 home defeat over Stuttgart thanks to goals from debutant strikers Sami Allagui and Morten Rasmussen . Tunisian Allagui opened the scoring in the 26th-minute and Danish international Rasmussen -- who joined on loan from Celtic this week -- added the second two minutes after the interval . With the first round of matches now complete , Hoffenheim lead the table courtesy of Saturday 's stunning 4-1 win over Werder Bremen . Three goals in a bizarre six-minute spell in the first half proved the difference between the sides after Torsten Frings had put Werder ahead from the penalty spot . Meanwhile , defending champions Bayern Munich got their season off to a perfect start on Friday as Bastian Schweinsteiger 's last-gasp goal gave them a 2-1 victory over Wolfsburg .	Germany captain Michael Ballack makes his return to the Bundesliga on Sunday Midfielder Ballack helps Bayer Leverkusen to a 2-0 victory at Borussia Dortmund In Sunday 's other match , Mainz shock Stuttgart 2-0 with goals in each half Hoffenheim lead the early table after their impressive 4-1 success over Werder Bremen
CNN  -- Decades-old Russian engines are believed to have caused the Antares rocket 's failure to launch properly , Orbital Sciences Corp. 's CEO David Thompson said Wednesday . "  Current evidence strongly suggest that one of the two AJ26 main engines that powered Antares ' first stage failed about 15 seconds after ignition , " Thompson said in a conference call with investors . Last week , a company spokesman said the unmanned rocket , which exploded in a fireball at NASA 's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia , was deliberately destroyed after it became apparent there was a problem . The turbo pump in one of the engines likely failed , Thompson said Wednesday . Orbital will likely stop using these engines , he said , since they have proven to be unreliable . The Antares rocket and Cygnus cargo spacecraft had been set to carry roughly 5,000 pounds of supplies and experiments to the International Space Station . Despite what Thompson described as a "  setback , " the company plans to stay on track with its $ 1.9 billion NASA contract delivering cargo to the space station , he said . Orbital hopes to launch its Cygnus spacecraft using third-party rockets , he said . There are three companies in the running : two from the United States and one from Europe . Thompson would not reveal which companies , but said a decision is expected within a month . SpaceX and United Space Alliance , the two likely U.S. companies -- operate regular launches at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida . Orbital Sciences , SpaceX and the Russians ' Soyuz all regularly fly cargo and supplies to the six astronauts and cosmonauts stationed on the space station . While using another company 's launch vehicle , Orbital will concentrate on replacing the 1970s-era Russian engines by 2016 . Thompson thanked NASA for its support . "  We look forward to working closely with them to quickly recover from last week 's setback , " he said .	Evidence indicates an engine failed 15 seconds after ignition , Orbital 's CEO says The turbo pump in one of the engines likely failed , he says Orbital Sciences still plans to stay on track with its $ 1.9 billion NASA contract , he says
CNN Student News  -- March 15 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • New York , New Jersey , Pennsylvania and Connecticut • British Columbia , Canada • Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : You can beware the Ides of March , but there 's nothing to fear about today 's broadcast of CNN Student News . Reporting from the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Health Care Push AZUZ : First up , President Obama postpones a trip overseas so that he can stay in Washington and work on health care . He 's called it the top priority for the U.S. , and the president , along with Democratic leaders in Congress , all think it 's important for him to stay in the U.S. to help rally support for the health care reform bill being considered by lawmakers . A House committee is scheduled to hold a vote on it today . Republicans are against President Obama 's health care plan . Some want to scrap it and start over . Yesterday , on CNN 's "  State of the Union " with Candy Crowley , a top Republican in Congress talked about why a health care bill has n't passed yet , and President Obama 's top political adviser discussed why it might pass now . REP. JOHN BOEHNER ,  R  MINORITY LEADER : They tried to do this in June and July last year . If they had the votes , then it would be law . They tried to pass it in September , October , November , December , January , February . Guess what ? They do n't have the votes . The American people do n't want to take the step toward government-run health insurance . It 's a dangerous step , because we do have the best health care system in the world . DAVID AXELROD , WHITE HOUSE SENIOR ADVISER : We 're very optimistic about the outcome of this process . I think people have come to the realization that this is the moment , and if we do n't act now , there 'll be dire consequences for people all over this country . Severe Weather AZUZ : Heading up the coast to the northeastern U.S. now , where some areas are recovering from severe storms over the weekend . And we mean huge storms . New York , New Jersey , Connecticut , Pennsylvania : all of them hit with heavy rains and hurricane force winds gusting over 70 miles per hour . The storms knocked down trees , affected air travel , left more than half a million people without power . One official said part of the reason the trees and utility poles fell over is because the ground was so wet from all the snow that the region 's been hit with this winter . The force of nature also being felt on the other side of North America . An avalanche struck a snowmobile competition in British Columbia , Canada on Saturday . As of yesterday afternoon , authorities said two people had been killed and 30 others were injured . USNS Comfort AZUZ : The USNS Comfort is on its way back home after spending nearly two months helping out earthquake victims in Haiti . The Navy hospital ship is expected to arrive at its home pier in Baltimore , Maryland by the end of this week . Saturday , the Comfort pulled in to Norfolk , Virginia . It had been in the harbor of Port-au-Prince since January , a base for medical care for victims of the catastrophic quake that hit Haiti . Staff on the Comfort performed more than 800 surgeries during the mission . There were times when 10 different operating rooms on the ship were all running simultaneously . Female Football Coach AZUZ : Natalie Randolph , whom you see right here , is a science teacher at Calvin Coolidge Senior High in Washington , D.C. Science teacher , though , is not her only title . Randolph is the school 's new , head varsity football coach . She 's been an assistant coach at other schools and she 's played women 's professional football . It is extremely rare for a high school football team to have a female coach , and some women 's groups are calling this announcement historic . Randolph says history is not her focus . NATALIE RANDOLPH , COOLIDGE HIGH SCHOOL HEAD FOOTBALL COACH : Some people will undoubtedly want to focus on my gender , and they 'll focus on the historical meaning of this day . But I would much rather focus on something that all dedicated coaches already know : I 'm here to give these young men , these student athletes , these wonderful students , the best opportunity and guidance to succeed in the classroom , make good decisions at home , and perform well on the football field . And while I 'm proud to be part of what this all means , being female has nothing to do with it . I love football . I love football . I love teaching . I love these kids . Promo AZUZ : CNNStudentNews.com . It is your favorite Web site ; you know it ! This week we 're going to be highlighting some different parts of our site , like the Spotlight section . You see it right here . If you want to learn more about the stories covered in our show , head to the Spotlight section ; that 's where you will find more info . It includes links to our free curriculum materials , and that includes our Women 's History Month Learning Activities . That 's what you 're looking at right now . They 're totally free , like everything at CNNStudentNews.com . We also have links to special programming like the CNN Challenge and our weekly Extra Credit segment . So log on , see what 's in the Spotlight today ! Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Struna 's U.S. history classes at Stone Middle School in Melbourne , Florida ! You may know that the first 3 digits of pi are 3.14 . What is the fourth digit ? Is it : A  1 , B  3 , C  5 or D  7 ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! 3.1415926 ... and so on , is the more expanded number . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Education the World AZUZ : Pi is irrational . Celebrating pi ? Maybe a little odd . Celebrating pi by eating pie ? Now you 're talking ! That is just one way that people participate in Pi Day . March 14th . 3.14 . That 's why . The holiday has been gaining steam recently as people around the world pay homage to pi on Pi Day . We do n't know whether Sal Kahn did anything special yesterday . What we do know is that Mr. Kahn has a gift for numbers , and he 's sharing that gift with the world . Dan Simon explains how . BEGIN VIDEO DAN SIMON , CNN CORRESPONDENT , SAN FRANCISCO : Sal Khan lives in California outside of San Francisco . Sara Shadid , halfway around the globe in Dubai . Their lives are interconnected , but Khan does n't know it . This is a story about how one man is helping to educate the world , but has never seen any of his students face-to-face . Where does this passion come from ? SALMAN KHAN , YOUTUBE CALCULUS TEACHER : You know , I think I have always enjoyed teaching . SIMON : It is about a man who gave up a lucrative career in Silicon Valley for what might look like a boring desk job . KHAN : Right now , I 'm cash-flow negative . SIMON : But it was never about money . And with his drive and education , Khan could have made millions . He was valedictorian of his high school with a perfect math score on the SAT . Then came MIT ; Bill Clinton handing him his diploma . Next , Harvard Business School . He was lured into hedge funds and did well . But Khan , who has a wife and son to support , gave it up . KHAN : A lot of people thought I was kind of crazy . Obviously , you know , when every waking hour you have , you would sneak into a room and make math videos and put them on YouTube , people kind of questioned what 's up . SIMON : Here is what is up : Khan 's YouTube videos . KHAN : Let 's do a couple more examples and I think you might get it . KHAN : They have been clicked on more than nine million times from users around the world . The topics range from math to chemistry to economics . SARA SHADID , CALCULUS STUDENT : From every curriculum , we can use the videos . He 's really helpful . SIMON : One of his users : 19-year-old college sophomore Sara Shadid in Dubai . She says that the videos made all of the difference in helping her conquer calculus . This gigantic virtual school originates from the smallest of places , from a tiny converted closet inside Sal 's master bedroom . This is where he is able to reach an estimated 80,000 knowledge-seeking users a month . It all started a few years ago when a cousin wanted some online math tutoring . Pretty soon , other relatives started asking for similar help . Suddenly , people he did n't know started watching . It is now called the Khan Academy . The videos are short and simply produced ; only his voice with a simple black background and graphics . KHAN : There are a lot of people who need help with their math , science , whatever . And I think they find these YouTube videos as kind of the ideal nuggets to fill in their gaps . SIMON : Whatever you call him or his teachings , the success of his site has validated that decision to walk away from hedge funds . Dan Simon , CNN , San Francisco . END VIDEO River Going Green AZUZ : The Chicago River is going green ! It has nothing to do with envy or the environment . This switch in shade is all about St. Patrick 's Day ! Every year since 1962 , Chicago residents have come out to watch the city 's river get a dye job . Organizers say the bright green color only lasts about five hours nowadays . When the event started back in ' 62 , the river stayed green for five days . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we have another story about waiting for nature to run its course . ROBERT ROSIN , JEWELRY STORE OWNER : And you saw Soli go for the diamond . Gobbled it up . Tried to pull it out of his mouth . Could n't get it . Gone . AZUZ : This is Soli . And that diamond he gobbled up is worth $ 20,000 ! The vet said the only thing to do was wait for the diamond to reappear . After three days of hand wringing and probably a lot of hand washing ... Goodbye AZUZ : ... Everything came out all right in the end . That story is just flush with pun-tential . But we will keep it clean . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	Discover the reason why President Obama postponed a trip overseas Meet a high school , varsity football coach who stands out in the field Hear how one tutor helps out thousands of students around the world Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Larry Flynt 's Hustler magazine claimed credit for exposing Sen. David Vitter 's connection to the "  D.C. Madam " Tuesday , saying Vitter confessed after a journalist reported finding the senator 's number in the escort service 's phone records . Sen. David Vitter apologized after his telephone number appeared among those linked to an escort service . "  Larry Flynt 's ongoing investigation into the dirty secrets of prominent elected officials has exposed another hypocrite , " Hustler said . Vitter , R-Louisiana , admitted Monday that his telephone number turned up in the phone records of an escort service run by Deborah Jeane Palfrey , though he did not say he had sex with a prostitute . The records date from before he won his Senate seat in 2004 . "  This was a very serious sin in my past for which I am , of course , completely responsible , " Vitter said in a statement given to reporters Monday night . "  Several years ago , I asked for and received forgiveness from God and from my wife in confession and marriage counseling . " Vitter , 46 , represented New Orleans suburbs in the House of Representatives from 1999 to 2004 , when he ran for the Senate . He is married and has four children . Watch what some in Vitter 's state say about the admission " Vitter was one of the top backers of a failed constitutional amendment that would have banned same-sex marriage and serves as the Southern regional chairman of former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani 's presidential campaign . In his Monday statement , he offered his "  deep and sincere apologies to all I have disappointed and let down in any way . " Palfrey was indicted in March on charges of money laundering and racketeering stemming from her business , Pamela Martin & Associates , which prosecutors allege was involved in prostitution . Palfrey has denied the charges , saying she operated a legitimate escort service . In an effort to raise money for her legal defense , Palfrey tried to sell a telephone list containing names of more than 10,000 clients . A judge blocked her from selling the information , but she provided some of the documents to media outlets . Dan Moldea , an investigative journalist working with Palfrey on a book , told CNN that he discovered Vitter 's number in Palfrey 's phone records and passed the information to Flynt . "  I had no idea who he was prior to then , although I 'm sure he was a client and he 's stated accordingly , but I do n't remember this man , " Palfrey said . Hustler said an editor at the magazine called Vitter 's office for a response Monday evening , spurring Vitter to issue his statement to The Associated Press . Paul Colford , a spokesman for the wire service , said Vitter 's statement "  came into the AP 's New Orleans bureau without prior contact from the AP . " Flynt took out a full-page ad in The Washington Post in June to offer $ 1 million for "  documented evidence of illicit sexual or intimate relations with a congressman or senator . " Flynt launched a similar campaign in 1998 in an effort to counter the drive to impeach then-President Bill Clinton over allegations that he had lied about his relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky . Moldea worked with Flynt in that effort as well . Moldea told CNN that he is a paid consultant for Flynt and Hustler and is not eligible for the $ 1 million prize . Hustler 's search led to the resignation of House Speaker-designate Robert Livingston -- whose congressional seat Vitter won the next year . "  Flynt 's team is currently continuing its investigation into improprieties by other high-ranking elected officials , " Hustler announced . Vitter is the first lawmaker known to be linked to Palfrey 's business , though State Department official Randall Tobias -- who promoted abstinence education as head of the Bush administration 's effort to curb the spread of AIDS -- resigned in May after confirming he patronized Palfrey 's business . Campaigning in New Hampshire on Tuesday , Giuliani said Vitter 's apparent connection to the Palfrey case was a "  personal issue . " But he admitted , "  Some people disappoint you . " Vitter 's disclosure follows the June resignation of Giuliani 's South Carolina campaign chairman , State Treasurer Thomas Ravenel , who was indicted on cocaine charges . Giuliani told reporters Tuesday "  it 's too early to tell " if Vitter will leave his campaign , and said he should not be judged on the problems of some people associated with his campaign or with his administration as New York mayor . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Brianna Keilar , Sean Callebs , Steve Brusk and Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Magazine says its phone call prompted senator 's confession Publisher Larry Flynt had offered reward for information Journalist working on book with alleged madam notified Flynt Sen. David Vitter admits his phone number appears in escort service 's records
CNN  -- Oscar de la Renta was far from just a fashion designer . The man who died Monday at the age of 82 was as much an icon as some of the celebrities he dressed over the years . From haute couture to causal wear , his name became synonymous with glamour and style . After he spent decades making the beautiful all the more so , he became a part of the zeitgeist . The following are five examples of the designer 's influence on pop culture . 1 . On the small screen Fans of "  Sex and the City " often tuned in as much for the style lessons as for the spicy plotlines . Sarah Jessica Parker 's Carrie Bradshaw helped put Manolo Blahnik shoes on the map and had viewers trying to emulate some of her looks . Devotees can quote from season six when Bradshaw 's artist boyfriend , Aleksandr Petrovsky  Mikhail Baryshnikov  , casually mentions his friendship with de la Renta . "  Oscar ? You ... you call him Oscar ? " Carrie asks Aleksandr , stunned . He later gifts her with an Oscar de la Renta dress , scoring points with us all . Parker wore one of the designer 's gowns at this year 's Met Gala . It was literally a signature piece , as she had de la Renta 's John Hancock etched on the back . "  I said to Mr. De la Renta , please let me use scarlet embroidery thread and splash your name across the back , " the actress told Vanity Fair . "  It was my idea . He would never in a million years have done it ; he 's far too modest . " 2 . In the music industry Hip-hop often finds rappers waxing about luxury . So it 's no surprise that more than a few incorporated the designer into their lyrics . Whether it 's Nicki Minaj musing about being "  front row at Oscar de la Renta " or Kanye West 's clever word play -- "  especially if she ca n't get that dress from Oscar de la Renta they would n't rent her " -- many artists used his name to express the good life . Clinton family remembers Oscar de la Renta 3 . With the movers and shakers His fashions were a favorite of this country 's first ladies from Jacqueline Kennedy to Hillary Clinton , and he continued to draw the rich and powerful even in his later years . Celebs like Beyonce and Victoria Beckham were often spotted at his shows , and some , like Oprah Winfrey , clamored to be photographed with the man who dressed them so elegantly . "  So sad for the loss of this legend . Oscar de la Renta thank for all the beauty and inspiration you shared with us , " "  Project Runway " judge Nina Garcia tweeted . 4 . At the movies Who can forget the scene in "  The Devil Wears Prada " in which Meryl Streep as fashion editor Miranda Priestly explains to her assistant Andy Sachs  played by Anne Hathaway  how high fashion filters down to the masses -- including the blue sweater she is wearing . "  You 're also blithely unaware of the fact that in 2002 , Oscar de la Renta did a collection of cerulean gowns , " the tough-as-nails Priestly says . "  And then I think it was Yves Saint Laurent , was n't it , who showed cerulean military jackets ? And then cerulean quickly showed up in the collections of eight different designers . Then it filtered down through the department stores and then trickled on down into some tragic Casual Corner where you , no doubt , fished it out of some clearance bin . " 5 . Among the people His jeans were hot in the 1980s , and his brand encompasses everything from fragrance to sleepwear . Though his name often showed up in the media for designing Amal Clooney 's wedding gown or dressing stars on the red carpet , de la Renta 's style was also available to the much less famous . For that , we 'll all remember him .	Oscar de la Renta was more than just a designer His name was synonymous with class and style His influence spread to film and TV
CNN  -- A man authorities believe was the last person to see a missing Texas cheerleader is the focus of the investigation and his attorney said he has offered all the information he knows . Shawn Adkins , the live-in boyfriend of Hailey Dunn 's mother , is the only named person of interest in the girl 's December disappearance , authorities said Wednesday . Adkins ' attorney , Sidney Lyle of Odessa , told CNN affiliate KTAB in Abilene he has advised his client not to speak further with the media . And he told affiliate KTXS that Adkins has cooperated with law enforcement . Lyle did not respond to CNN 's attempts to talk to him . There have been no arrests in the disappearance of the Colorado City girl , 13 , but police consider the case a criminal investigation . Two volunteer organizations have recently joined the search . City Manager Pete Kampfer , who serves as spokesman for the police , told CNN Wednesday there are other persons of interest but "  there are more things that relate " to Adkins . He would not provide specifics . Adkins has not spoken with police since getting a lawyer , he said . Affidavits in the case indicate Hailey 's mother , Billie Dunn , and Adkins failed polygraph exams on Hailey 's whereabouts . According to the affidavits , Adkins ended two polygraph exams by walking out . On the third try , he failed the initial part of the test , but he then "  made a positive indication " that the girl could be found in Scurry County , Texas . Dunn said Adkins was on anxiety medication at the time of the first test . Dunn was under the influence of narcotics on her first polygraph examination , and she failed the second , according to a law enforcement affidavit posted on the website of KTAB . Adkins was the last person to see the eighth-grader on December 27 at Dunn 's home , according to local reports . Colorado City -- a rural central Texas town with about 5,000 residents -- is about 70 miles west of Abilene , Texas . Hailey was reported missing by her mother December 28 . The Colorado City Police Department responded to a domestic dispute in February 2010 after Adkins allegedly threatened Billie and Hailey Dunn , the released documents show . Adkins confirmed he did make the threats , according to documents . KTAB on Wednesday posted three 911 calls on its website from the February incident . The calls referred to threats made against Billie Dunn and her estranged husband , Clint , but not against Hailey , the station said . In one 911 call , Billie Dunn said , "  I broke up with this guy a couple days ago and he 's a little ` MHMR . ' He 's telling me that he 's going to kill me and my ex-husband . And it 's going to be remembered for a long time . " MHMR can refer to "  mental health and mental retardation . " Asked about the 911 calls and affidavits , Kampfer said , "  They add to the case against Shawn . " Billie Dunn told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " Wednesday night that she did not report that Adkins had threatened to kill Hailey . Marc Klaas , founder of KlaasKids Foundation , a child safety advocacy group that is assisting in the search for Hailey , appeared on "  Nancy Grace " with Billie Dunn . He indicated someone not identified in the case might have come into the town and abducted the girl . Klaas created the foundation in 1994 after the kidnapping and murder of his daughter , Polly . Investigators have found evidence both in Colorado City and in other locations , said Kampfer , a former special agent with the FBI . Dunn has said she has no idea what happened to her daughter . "  Somebody knows where she is , " she told HLN last week . The mother told HLN 's "  Nancy Grace " Tuesday that investigators took bedsheets belonging to Hailey . Kampfer would not confirm that , but did say Dunn was given an inventory list of items taken by police from the home . Meanwhile , KTXS said that Hailey Dunn 's older brother has been taken into temporary custody of Child Protective Services . Kampfer said it is common practice to remove a child when a situation like this occurs , the station said . Billie Dunn met Adkins on the MySpace social networking site more than two years ago , and he moved in with her several months ago . Kampfer described the family situation as unstable . Hailey is 5 feet 2 inches tall and weighs 120 pounds . She has hazel eyes and brown hair with blond streaks . When she disappeared , she was wearing navy blue sweatpants , a light-colored short-sleeve T-shirt and pink and white tennis shoes . Investigators , meanwhile , continue to work through leads . "  It 's a smaller circle , " Kampfer said of the evidence . "  We are growingly concerned about her status , " he said of Hailey . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Polly Klaas ' father joins search for teen Hailey Dunn , 13 , has been missing since December Her mother 's boyfriend is the focus of the investigation Both mother , boyfriend have failed polygraph tests
Edinburgh , Scotland  CNN  -- The three main UK party leaders gave a joint promise Tuesday that Scotland will get extra powers if it opts to stay part of the United Kingdom in a landmark vote in two days ' time . Opinion polls have put the pro-independence and pro-union camps neck-and-neck in the run-up to Thursday 's referendum . With the survival of the 300-year-old union of England , Scotland and Wales as Great Britain on a knife-edge , UK Prime Minister David Cameron of the Conservatives , coalition partner Nick Clegg of the Liberal Democrats and Labour leader Ed Miliband have joined forces to beg Scotland to stay . In a pledge published on the front page of Scotland 's Daily Record newspaper , the three leaders say that if Scotland 's voters reject independence , work to devolve "  extensive new powers " from the central government in Westminster will start Friday . The issue of spending on social welfare and health care , through the National Health Service , has been central to the pro-independence campaign . Questions over the economy and taxation have also been key . In their promise , the leaders say "  we can state categorically that the final say on how much is spent on the NHS will be a matter for the Scottish Parliament . " They conclude , "  People want to see change . A No vote will deliver faster , safer and better change than separation . " ` Once-in-a-lifetime opportunity ' With a huge turnout expected for the referendum , both sides are desperate to win over the undecided voters who could hold the future of the United Kingdom in their hands . In a speech Monday in Aberdeen , Scotland , Cameron made an emotional plea for Scotland not to "  end the United Kingdom as we know it " and warned that there was no turning back if voters decide on independence . "  This is a decision that could break up our family of nations , and rip Scotland from the rest of the UK , " he said . "  And we must be very clear . There 's no going back from this . No rerun . This is a once-and-for-all decision . "  If Scotland votes yes , the UK will split , and we will go our separate ways forever . " Cameron said he spoke for millions of people across the United Kingdom -- including in Scotland -- who would be "  heartbroken " to see Scotland leave , and he warned that it would be a "  painful divorce . " Photo blog : Scottish teens face historic vote The "  Yes Scotland " campaign , led by Scotland 's First Minister Alex Salmond , says that only by voting for independence can Scotland be sure that it will have full control of its own taxation and spending . Salmond , speaking in Edinburgh on Monday , called the vote a "  once-in-a-lifetime opportunity " for Scotland . "  Nobody goes back " from independence , he said . "  The evidence is that more and more people in Scotland are wanting to put Scotland 's future into Scotland 's hands . " The yes/no referendum question will ask voters , "  Should Scotland be an independent country ? " Scotland 's vote : What you need to know White House : We want a strong , robust UK White House spokesman Josh Earnest weighed into the debate Monday , echoing remarks previously made by U.S. President Barack Obama . "  This is a decision for the people of Scotland to make , " he said . "  We certainly respect the right of individual Scots to make a decision about the -- along these lines . "  But , you know , as the President himself said , we have an interest in seeing the United Kingdom remain strong , robust , united and an effective partner . " Many unanswered questions revolve around defense if Scotland votes for independence . The Scottish National Party , headed by Salmond , has said it wants to remove the UK nuclear submarine fleet from Scottish waters as soon as possible . ' A fool 's errand ' The debate has polarized opinion in the business world , as well as in political circles . The Financial Times published a full-page editorial last week headlined , "  The case for union is overwhelming . The path of separation is a fool 's errand . " Speaking to CNN 's Christiane Amanpour this week , editor Lionel Barber said , "  We really believe that it would be very dangerous and highly risky in terms of economics . ... We believe that the ` Yes ' campaign has not answered important questions -- notably : What will the currency be ? We do n't know . " The three main parties in Westminster have said that an independent Scotland would not be able to keep the pound . There are also unanswered questions about tax increases and the fiscal implications of independence , Barber said . While the newspaper does not deny that Scotland has the right to choose independence , he said , "  We are just pointing to the dangers of uncertainty , the price of uncertainty , which will affect ordinary people . " Salmond , who met with business leaders in Edinburgh , said the "  impressive array " of business leaders who back the independence campaign "  is a very strong point in the ` Yes ' campaign . " "  These are the people looking forward to the realization that Scotland can have a more prosperous economy but also wants a more just society . And their voice and that combination of things is something that will carry a good deal of weight off the ballot sheet . " CNN 's Max Foster reported from Edinburgh , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London .	Leaders of the three main UK parties give Scotland a joint promise of extra powers Voters will go to the polls Thursday to decide on independence for Scotland Prime Minister David Cameron begs Scotland to stay , says it 's a "  once-and-for-all decision " Pro-independence chief Alex Salmond says Scottish people want their future in their hands
CNN  -- "  The Elders have spoken and my bride price is NGN630 , 000 . I 'm a Super Premium babe na ! " Knowing your worth has taken on new meaning since the launch of "  Bride Price , " the app that calculates the users ' value based on answers to a series of ranked questions ranging from height and weight to leg shape and cooking skills . You could lose a whopping 60 % of your bride price for being a "  Mama Ronke , " the heaviest weight category , while "  sexy bow legs " a la BeyoncÃ © would add N20 ,000  $ 123  to your price . As entertaining as this quiz may be to complete , categories like skin color could be cause for concern . To begin with , the app uses the controversial term "  Half-caste , " which would add N50 ,000  $ 308  to your worth , just like the answer "  Lupita " -- some say this pays testament to the impact Kenyan actress Lupita Nyong ' o has had on the perceptions of beauty and darker skinned girls . While "  dark " is still ranked as the second most undesirable skin color , skin bleachers are also devalued . The scrutiny is not over yet ; face quality is then assessed , followed by nine more categories . Be careful in the final bonus round , you could be fined N40 , 000  $ 264  for being a "  club girl . " Such a controversial app comes with a disclaimer , of course . "  Bride Price , " which was developed by Lagos-based digital agency Anakle , has had two million views since its release on May 25 , the vast majority of which came from women . People from over 180 countries have used the app , according to the company , with Nigeria , the United States and the UK generating the most traffic . The app quickly went viral after a private link was tweeted on Sunday May 25 , forcing the brand to switch servers , and "  Bride Price " to trend in Nigeria . The term bride price nowadays refers to a usually symbolic amount of money or gifts given to a woman 's family by her fiance at the time of their marriage . In some cases , however , families return the symbolic payment to signify that their daughter is not for sale . Juliet Gilbert , who has just completed a PhD in social anthropology researching young women 's livelihoods in Nigeria , says the "  bride price is an incredibly significant part of marriage customs in Nigeria " that "  should be seen as a token of respect towards and provision for family and community , rather than a monetary value placed on an individual female . " She explains that in Calabar , for example , "  the bride price itself is negotiated after the first formal ` introduction , ' when the fiance is introduced to the girl 's parents . The girl 's family will then write a list of everything they require from the fiance 's family -- this is not just money but could also include rice ,  fresh  palm wine or crates of beer and soft drinks . "  The fiance 's family then look at the list and agree on what they can afford before going back to negotiate with the girl 's family . There is then a formal meeting of both families , where the girl identifies her fiance in front of her whole family , who check that everything on the list has been brought to them . Only after this is all satisfactorily achieved can the traditional marriage go ahead . " Gilbert adds , however , that the bride price practices vary considerably between ethnic groups , and even within them due to families ' wealth and status . "  It is custom for fathers in Ogoja  northern Cross River State  to give back the money to his new son-in-law during the traditional marriage ceremony , saying , ` My daughter can not be bought but you can marry her . ' " Editi Effiong , who owns Anakle , has made it clear that the app is supposed to be a bit a fun . His own wife , he says , was one of the first users of the app which was developed by a mostly female team : "  Did I pay a bride price ? " he asks . "  Yes ! Nigeria is a big , complex country , with over 200 tribes , but where I come from , the entire process of marriage is designed to show respect to the wife 's family , " adds Effiong . "  As insignificant as the bride price is -- N30  $ 0.18  in my case -- it must be collected . I value this tradition , and think it 's a part of our culture we must preserve . "  I went overboard with buying gifts for my wife 's family , because I was very young then , and I wanted to show I really respected them . It may be hard for our foreign audience to understand , but I do n't see why the scores on any app , joke or not , should affect the love I have for my wife , or her self-worth . " The app has had mixed reactions both in Nigeria and across the world with some seeing the funny side , such as British-Nigerian journalist Bim Adewunmi , who wrote a tongue-in-cheek commentary on it for the Independent . Others were outraged , including Cosmopolitan 's Frank Kobola who labeled it a "  horrifying , sexist quiz " and Ikechukwu Onyemelukwe who has started a petition to remove the app which reached 100 signatures on May 28 . While many users shared their bride price on Twitter . Although there were some concerns about the criteria . Effiong told CNN the reasoning behind this : "  That 's a Nigerian inside joke . On the average Nigerian street , there 's a joke that ` too much book dey worry person '  a tongue-in-cheek reference to too much education  . But this does n't mean PhDs are devalued . "  Over the weekend , we hosted a party for my former boss , who just bagged a PhD . Nigerians are some of the most educated people in the world . But us Nigerians , we do n't take ourselves too seriously . " Use the comments section below to tell us what you think about the "  Bride Price " app .	A new app calculates a woman 's worth based on personal and lifestyle questions "  Bride Price " caused a stir on twitter with some calling it sexist , but 86 % of users are female The app has so far had more than two million hits
CNN  They might be over 65 , but these former burlesque dancers have n't lost the charisma that made them so desirable in their heyday . Whether it 's a seductive , sensual pose or something more fun and playful , it 's clear they are n't afraid to be bold in front of the camera . "  I really enjoyed being around those women , " said photographer Marie Baronnet , who documented them in her book "  Legends : The Living Art of Risque . " "  I found that they had a real knowledge of life but also of this work . They were very self-sufficient . " All of the women featured in Baronnet 's book used to dance in burlesque theaters , enticing the audience with a strip show . But burlesque is about more than just skin . "  Burlesque is interesting because it 's a space where women of all kinds , physically speaking , can actually go onstage , " Baronnet said . "  They have to have personality and rhythm , they have to know how to dance , and they have to also be an artist because they have to do all those costumes and create a choreography . " Burlesque was also empowering for many of the women , especially Americans who performed before the sexual revolution of the 1960s . "  Striptease for them was a passport to discover their own country and to travel abroad . ... They would have agents , they would get contracts , " Baronnet said . Over time , however , burlesque theaters lost their popularity in the United States as strip clubs became more prominent . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  The '80s were really the era where all the glamour kind of disappeared and what the audience wanted was more flesh always , " Baronnet said . "  All of those women always described in the interview how it was difficult to transition between the '70s and the '80s , where the glamour was no longer there and the bosses of the clubs were asking them to get rid of the costumes and actually show more . " "  And those women arrived at an age where they were 40 , 45 sometimes 50 years old . They were still very beautiful , but it was also an age issue where they saw that maybe they should stop and start to do something else . Also , the money was not the same . They used to make a lot of money , and suddenly it was n't that good . " Baronnet became interested in burlesque during a trip to Las Vegas in 2011 , where she met legendary dancer Dixie Evans . She later photographed an annual burlesque festival in the city . Through the contacts she made there , she reached out to former burlesque dancers across the country and asked if she could come to their homes and photograph them . "  The idea was to go to them and not to do something in a neutral place , because I wanted to feel the atmosphere of where they live , " Baronnet said . All of the women in the book are at least 65 years old , and some are even in their 90s . "  We would put on the costumes and makeup , we 'd do the hair and the lights , and then suddenly they would just know how to move , " Baronnet said . "  And they like that . I think there is a part of them where they are very exhibitionist . They like to show off and just dance and move and seduce men . " The poses were a collaborative effort , but Baronnet had a certain vision , too . "  I did n't want to do something that was too close  to what  they were used to doing for so many years -- and that men photographers especially ask -- which is to be like a pinup like the typical Bettie Page picture , " Baronnet said . "  Sometimes they would give that , and I would always kind of like twist it and say , ` Let 's try something else , because this has been seen over and over again . ' " Although burlesque is n't dead -- it 's even enjoying a bit of a renaissance today -- these women represent a bygone era , and Baronnet gives them the spotlight one more time . "  They witnessed a time that completely disappeared , and they mastered the art of striptease in a very special way , and they never really were recognized for that , " she said . Marie Baronnet is a French photographer based in Los Angeles . Her book "  Legends : The Living Art of Risque " can be purchased through Idea Books . You can also like it on Facebook .	Marie Baronnet 's book documents some of the legends of burlesque dancing The women in the book , all of whom are 65 or older , represent a bygone era But even today , they 've still got plenty of sensuality and charisma
Bogota , Colombia -- The Colombian military on Sunday rescued Gen. Luis Mendieta and Col. Enrique Murillo , two top national police officers held by the FARC guerrillas for nearly 12 years , President Alvaro Uribe announced . Uribe interrupted a televised press conference in the town of Quibido to answer a call from Gen. Oscar Gonzalez to immediately announce that the two hostages were in the hands of Colombia 's military . "  May I allow myself to communicate to the Colombian people , from Quibdo , some great news : our joint military forces just rescued General Mendieta and Colonel Murillo , " the president said . "  They are in combat right now in the jungles of Guaviare in order to rescue them unharmed , " he said . "  Both are in the hands of our armed forces , " he said . A police spokesman said the military operation took place in eastern Colombia in Guaviare province , and that the two rescued hostages are safe . The spokesman could not say when they will be flown out of the zone . Mendieta and Murillo were both taken prisoner by the FARC in jungle town of Mitu . Mendieta was a national police colonel when captured by the FARC and was promoted by the agency during his time in captivity . He was the highest-ranking officer held by the rebels . According to Colombia 's El Espectador Newspaper , Mendieta celebrated his 53rd birthday on Sunday . CNN 's Karl Penhaul contributed to this report	Colombia announces rescue of general and colonel held by FARC The two were in captivity for nearly 12 years Colombian President Uribe announces rescue after phone call from military commander
CNN  -- Every spring , a yellow blanket of pollen descends upon America , eliciting complaints from allergy sufferers already fed up with watery eyes , stuffed-up sinuses and excessive sneezing . If you 're wondering exactly what that is covering your car , it 's pine pollen , which usually comes out in mid - to late-April . But believe it or not , it 's probably not what 's causing your symptoms . "  Amazingly enough , most people are not allergic to the stuff you can see , " CNN meteorologist Sean Morris said . Instead , it 's microscopic particles in the spring air that are hell-bent on causing misery . Most seasonal allergies are caused by smaller tree pollen and mold spores , according to the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology . More than 60 million Americans suffer from allergic rhinitis , according to the academy . That means when they inhale something they are allergic to , they suffer symptoms in the nose and eyes . When the trigger of the reaction is pollen , the person is said to have "  hay fever . " Warm , dry climates have the highest pollen levels , according to Pollen.com , while rainy or cool weather significantly reduces allergens in the air . Do n't let allergies stop you from traveling Fortunately for allergy sufferers , 2013 has so far been relatively mild compared to last year , when an unusually warm winter caused the season to start earlier and last longer . Pollen.com breaks the United States down into seven allergy regions . Except for the South Central area , all the regions are recording lower pollen levels than last year at this time , according to IMS Health , the company behind the website . Pollen counts There are no government pollen trackers , but private companies have stepped in to provide data on pollen levels nationwide . Worst U.S. cities for allergy sufferers A pollen count signifies how much pollen is in the air . A higher count means people who are allergic are more likely to exhibit symptoms . Pollen counts are calculated using the concentration of pollen in a certain area during a specific period  usually 24 hours  , according to Pollen.com . "  Air-sampling devices  collect particles from the air onto a transparent , sticky surface , " the website 's FAQ page says . "  The sample is then examined under a microscope , where the pollen grains are counted and identified . " The device must be placed on a rooftop at least one story high , away from any significant pollen or mold sources , AAAI.org states , to get an accurate reading . The numbers used to quantify pollen levels vary between collecting stations , and do n't mean much to the average consumer , so levels are usually described simply as low , moderate or high . What constitutes a high pollen count also depends on what type of allergen is being tracked , according to AAAI.org . Where do allergies come from ? Treating the symptoms You 've got three options for over-the-counter oral antihistamines : Allegra  fexofenadine  , Claritin  loratadine  and Zyrtec  cetirizine  , but many patients need a prescription nasal spray in addition to one of those in order to find relief . Allergists can prescribe topical nasal antihistamines and steroidal sprays . Antihistamine eye drops are also available over-the-counter and by prescription . The only long-term option for allergy sufferers is to undergo immune therapy , in the form of shots , over three to five years . An allergy test determines what you are allergic to , and then you get tiny doses of that allergen injected until you become desensitized . A method of accomplishing this using droplets under the tongue has shown promise in studies , but is not approved by the Food and Drug Administration . Bottom line : If you 're suffering this spring , allergists can help .	Most people are n't allergic to the yellow pollen you see , which is from pine trees More than 60 million Americans suffer from allergic rhinitis every year Warm , dry climates have the highest pollen levels , according to Pollen.com
CNN  -- You might not have wanted to bet on Billy Joel in the summer of 1977 . If "  The Stranger " had n't been a success , Billy Joel suspects he would have been dropped from his label . For a guy whose career had started out promisingly , he 'd undergone more setbacks than a wild-armed pitcher . In his teen years he was a session pianist on Shadow Morton-produced records  including , allegedly , the Shangri-Las ' "  Leader of the Pack "  , but failed with his groups , including a heavy-metal duo . He followed his first Top 40 hit , "  Piano Man , " with a bitter second one , "  The Entertainer "  in which he sang , "  If I go cold/I wo n't get sold/I 'll get put in the back/In the discount rack/Like another can of beans , " over an incongruous synthesizer track  . He was considered a singer-songwriter with great potential but bickered with his label and his producers . Making 1976 's "  Turnstiles , " he fired producer James William Guercio -- a consistent hitmaker with Chicago -- and took the helm himself , with uneven results . And yet he still had something , remembered Phil Ramone , who was to produce Joel 's 1977 breakthrough , "  The Stranger . " At a 1976 Columbia Records convention in Toronto , Joel opened a musical showcase and "  ripped the crowd up , " Ramone recalls in a phone interview from Connecticut . "  My friends said , ` Watch this guy . ' " Watch Joel perform "  Piano Man " " And then there was a series of concerts at New York 's Carnegie Hall in early June 1977 , featured on the new anniversary edition of "  The Stranger "  Columbia/Legacy  , out Tuesday .  A special edition of the release also includes a DVD of other Joel performances .  Known then , as now , as an exciting live performer , Joel and his band gave a series of performances that impressed Ramone -- though , he noted , the recorded versions paled in comparison . "  I watched what he had done and tracked his past records , " he says . "  Everything I 'd seen had n't been captured on record . " "  The Stranger " turned out differently . Joel came through with a top-notch set of songs , and four of them -- "  Just the Way You Are , " "  Movin ' Out , " "  She 's Always a Woman " and "  Only the Good Die Young " -- became hits . "  The Stranger " established Joel as a best-selling artist -- reportedly , upon release , it was the biggest-selling Columbia album in history -- and propelled him to his Rock and Roll Hall of Fame career . Watch Joel perform "  Only the Good Die Young " in Russia " At the time , he just wanted to make a consistent record . "  I do n't recall feeling this was going to be the breakthrough . We were just happy with the album we were making at the time , " Joel says in the press materials for the "  Stranger " re-release .  Joel was n't available for an interview with CNN . He acknowledges , though , that "  The Stranger " could have been his last stand . "  I did n't know this at the time , but had it not been a successful album , the label probably would have dropped me . 'Cause you have to remember , this was my fifth album without having had a major hit , " he says . Joel interviewed several producers , Ramone recalls , including the Beatles ' George Martin . Ramone , known for his graceful touch in the studio , was coming off Paul Simon 's "  Still Crazy After All These Years " and the Barbra Streisand "  A Star Is Born " soundtrack . He and Joel hit it off at "  an Italian lunch that took forever , " Ramone says , and in July went into the studio to record . The album was recorded in three weeks -- very quickly , says Ramone . The producer remembers the sessions as full of humor , with his most difficult task reining in the members of Joel 's band . It was an accident that Ramone ended up included in the group portrait on the album 's back cover , dressed in New York Yankee regalia -- "  I only posed because I thought , ` They 'll never use this , ' " he says . "  The role I played was kind of like the captain of the team , " he says . "  I doled out punishments -- it was a crazy , lunatic group . There were times I 'd throw out -LSB- ideas -RSB- and they 'd say , ` No way . ' They all had great opinions . " Then there was Joel , a forceful singer who , Ramone observes , is also "  extremely vulnerable . " The singer had a tendency to hide behind his song 's characters ; Ramone urged him to put more of himself into the vocals in "  The Stranger , " and continued the advice for succeeding albums . "  I would say , ` When is Billy Joel going to show up ? ' " Ramone says . "  You have to adapt -LSB- the character -RSB- to you . " Running through the album 's tracks more than 30 years later , Ramone says there 's always something he 'd like to change , but in general he 's very satisfied with the record , particularly the songs "  Scenes from an Italian Restaurant , " "  The Stranger " and "  Just the Way You Are . " The latter , he notes , was supposed to have been spiked -- Joel , who wrote it for his then wife , thought it was too syrupy .  "  A chick song , " he 's called it .  Moreover , Ramone 's suggestions for the song met with resistance : Drummer Liberty DeVitto rebelled against the Brazilian baion beat , and the band was unhappy when Ramone tapped jazzman Phil Woods to play the alto sax solo . But the song proved to be the album 's big hit . "  They put out ` Movin ' Out ' -LSB- as the first single -RSB- , and it -LSB- failed -RSB- . And then out of nowhere came ` Just the Way You Are , ' " Ramone says . The song got a big boost when Joel appeared as the musical guest on "  Saturday Night Live " in February 1978 and eventually won Grammys for song and record of the year . "  The Stranger " was the beginning of a fruitful run for Joel and Ramone . The pair made seven more albums together , including the No. 1 records "  52nd Street " and "  Glass Houses , " and still maintain a warm relationship , says Ramone . Joel , who will play the final two concerts at New York 's soon-to-be-closed Shea Stadium July 16 and 18 , has long since put the questions of "  potential " to rest . "  I did n't necessarily set out to be a big worldwide , international super rock star kind of guy . I set out to make a living as a musician , and this is the way it happened , " he said .	Billy Joel was at a career crossroads in 1977 "  The Stranger , " his breakthrough album , came together quickly , says producer Album now out in 30th-anniversary edition ; propelled Joel to success
LONDON ,  England  CNN -- Natalia Vodianova is best known as the supermodel who has graced the cover of Vogue , walked the catwalk for the likes of Chanel and Versace . Supermodel Natalia Vodianova 's charity plans to build hundreds of play parks for children in her native Russia . But Vodianova has a dream that could n't be further from the glitzy world of fashion -- to build 500 play parks in her native Russia . Vodianova , born and raised in Russia , was in the country during the 2004 Beslan school siege , in which at least 339 hostages , around half of them children , were killed . Deeply affected by the tragedy she returned to New York , where she was living at the time , determined to do something to help the surviving children . Vodianova organized a fundraising event that generated $ 350,000 to build the children a playground and she founded her charity , the "  Naked Heart Foundation . " With an ethos that play is not only therapeutic for children , but a necessity , the foundation aims to provide playgrounds for Russia 's urban youth . So far the charity has built 23 playgrounds around the country , starting in her home town of Nizhnii Novgorod , and there are 15 more in the pipeline . "  For me , since I started my charity , it has been a very different way of life , " Vodianova told CNN . Watch Vodianova take CNN around Moscow " "  Giving back just feels so great . I always try to open each play park with myself present for the children , because it makes it more special for them . I go to very remote parts of Russia are far from Moscow and it gives these children an extra message of love . " For Vodianova , this is just the start . She told CNN that her dream is to build 500 play parks in Russia . The charity 's play parks can cost anywhere between $ 27,000 and $ 400,000 , depending on their size and range of play equipment . Vodianova admits , "  It 's a big dream -- an expensive one ! " When it comes to fundraising , Vodianova 's secret weapon is her connections in the fashion world . Last year she organized a "  Love Ball " in Moscow -- a Valentine 's Day fundraiser that counted among the guests the likes of designer Valentino , actress Lucy Liu , singer Natalie Imbruglia , and supermodel Eva Herzigova . See photos of "  The Love Ball . " " The event was held in a former royal residence , Moscow 's 16th century Tsaritsino Estate . It featured an ice palace made from 220 tons of ice and music provided by British band Razorlight , among others . The highlight was a Valentine 's - themed auction , with lots including a private performance from rock star Bryan Adams , bought for $ 120,000 , and a painting by British artist Damien Hirst called "  Love is All Around , " which sold for $ 1.6 million . The auction alone raised $ 6.7 million for the charity . Vodianova admits that the global economic crisis is making it harder to get sponsorship for this year 's event and says it will be more low-key than last year . "  We are not going to make it a very extravagant event ; it 's very disrespectful of what 's going on in the world right now , with the recession and a lot of people losing their jobs . "  We 're not gong to spend a lot of money on it , but it 's important to keep going , " she told CNN . With a husband and three young children , Vodianova says it can be hard to divide her time between family , career and her charity . She describes her charity work as a 24-hour job . "  I feel a huge sense of responsibility for my foundation because it 's really very important to me . Somehow it became my most difficult baby to raise , " she says . But she has no doubt about the value of her work , both for Russia 's children and herself . "  The biggest thing I can do for my soul is to hear that laughter and to see all these children that come and play on the play parks that my foundation built . " CNN Producer Deborah Rivers contributed to this report	Russian supermodel Natalia Vodianova runs the "  Naked Heart Foundation " Her dream is for the foundation to build 500 play parks across Russia The "  Love Ball " was a celebrity-filled fundraising event held in Moscow
CNN  -- Nigerian writer Tope Folarin has been announced as the winner of this year 's Caine Prize for African Writing . The U.S.-based author scooped the accolade -- which has been described as Africa 's leading literary award -- for his short story "  Miracle , " a tale of faith and deceit in an evangelical Nigerian church in Texas . "  Winning feels tremendous -- I still ca n't believe it , " enthused the 31-year-old author . "  I feel like I 'm walking on air . " Folarin spent a year writing the story , which explores the relationship between a blind pastor-prophet and his faithful congregation . "  It 's a community I know quite well , " he explained . " ` Miracle ' does have an autobiographical quality to it , because the dreams and desires described are ones I share as a writer in the Nigerian diaspora . " Watch this : Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie cries over praise The Washington D.C.-based author , who was born and raised in the U.S. but lived in Nigeria for a year , said that fellow members of the community had responded well to his story . But striking the right tone had its challenges . "  I spent a long time trying to get a particular voice down , and that was the greatest technical difficulty I had when writing the novel , " Folarin said . "  Watching Woody Allen 's ` The Purple Rose of Cairo ' -- where a movie star walks off screen and into real life -- helped me to define that voice , and introduce the narrator 's transition from using ` we ' to ` I ' . " Gus Chaseley-Hayford , chair of judges for the prize , described Folarin 's winning prose as a "  superb Caine Prize winner -- a delightful and beautifully paced narrative , that is exquisitely observed and utterly compelling . " The decision was announced at the 14th Caine Prize ceremony , held Monday night at Bodleian Library at the University of Oxford , where Folarin beat his four fellow shortlisted candidates . Three of the other contenders were Nigerian , as was last year 's prize winner , Rotimi Babatunde . "  I know that myself and other Nigerian writers have been empowered by a long tradition of Nigerian authors writing beautifully , " said Folarin . "  At times when we 're struggling to write , we derive great power from the work that has come before us . " Folarin has previously received literary fellowships from The Institute for Policy Studies and the journal "  Callalloo , " as well as studying for two Master 's degrees at the University of Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar . His Caine Prize win means he is eligible to take up a month 's tenure as Writer-in-Residence at the Lannan Center for Poetics and Social Practice at Georgetown University , which he plans to begin before the end of the year . Describing himself as a "  savings freak , " Folarin has no grand plans for his Â # 10,000  $ 14,840  prize fund as yet , but his future literary plans are more defined . " ` Miracle ' is part of a manuscript I 've been working on for three years , which ties together a number of novels through a single lead protagonist , " he divulged . "  I hope to get that published at some stage in the future , but my main focus right now is just being the best writer I can be . "  Nothing else matters to me . "	Tope Folarin wins top prize for African Writing His short story , "  Miracle , " is a semi-autobiographical look at the Nigerian diaspora The prize includes $ 15,000 and a position as Writer-in-Residence
CNN  38 and home . The Kentucky Wildcats ' bid for perfection ended Saturday night at the hands of the Wisconsin Badgers , who rallied for a tough 71-64 victory in the NCAA men 's basketball Final Four at Indianapolis . They will meet four-time national champ Duke in Monday night 's title game . The Blue Devils dominated Michigan State 81-61 in the first contest of the night . National player of the year finalist Frank Kaminsky led Wisconsin with 20 points and 11 rebounds . Junior forward Sam Dekker added 16 points . "  These guys just gutted it out. , " Wisconsin Head Coach Bo Ryan said . "  We just kept battling on every possession . " Freshman Karl-Anthony Towns led Kentucky with 16 points . Sophomore Andrew Harrison chipped in 13 points while Aaron Harrison had 12 points . Kentucky came into the game as the first men 's team to have a 38-0 record . But the Badgers fought back from a 60-56 deficit with 6:39 left in the game . Wisconsin went on an 8-0 run to regain a lead it never relinquished . It will be looking to win its first title since 1941 . As the final minutes ticked off , the Wildcats failed to score . They were stuck on 60 for five minutes . The Harrison twins , who shot well in the first half , could n't get much done offensively . "  I did n't execute . I mean , we did n't execute as a team , but me being the point guard , I did n't do what coach told me to on a couple of occasions , " Andrew Harrison said at the postgame news conference . His coach sternly interjected . "  He did fine . He did fine , " John Calipari said . Meanwhile , Dekker stepped up , making a layup , a three-pointer and a free throw as the Badgers scooted ahead . Calipari said the Badgers did a good job defending the Kentucky big men . "  They crowded us a little bit , and  our  guys got a little tentative , " he said . Calipari looked at the stat sheet : Kentucky had only six turnovers , hit 90 % of its free throws , made 48 % of its field goals , and lost . He said his team struggled to guard Wisconsin 's players , and the rebound battle -- which Wisconsin won by 12 -- was crucial . Kamisky , who turned 22 on Saturday , was asked how the Badgers outrebounded a team that is the tallest in basketball . "  We stayed into them , attacking them , trying to do whatever we can , " he said . "  Just trying to keep them off the glass was one of our main priorities . " Freshman Justise Winslow led Duke with 19 points while national freshman of the year Jahlil Okafor had 18 points , 10 of which came in the first half . Senior guard Quinn Cook had 17 . "  The defense was terrific , " Duke Head Coach Mike Krzyzewski said . "  We drove the ball with such strength . I actually think our offense gave our defense a push . " Junior guard Denzel Valentine sparked the Spartans with three early three-pointers and finished with 22 points and a game-high 11 rebounds . Senior guard Travis Trice had 16 points . The Spartans , of the Big Ten , began the game in a higher gear than Duke , and quickly took an eight-point lead . But after Valentine hit his trio of long-range shots and Michigan State led 14-6 , the Spartans struggled to get baskets the rest of the first half . "  They did a good job of denying us and forcing us out  farther from the basket  . We took some bad shots , " Valentine said . Duke occasionally used a 2-3 zone defense that protected some of its players with foul concerns and slowed the Spartans down . But it was when Duke played man-to-man that the Spartans really had a hard time scoring . State made five of its first seven shots , then only made three more in the final 16 minutes of the opening half . The Blue Devils , of the Atlantic Coast Conference , found baskets inside as the 6-foot-11 , 270-pound Okafor powered for points around the basket . Winslow used his quickness to score seven points in the first half , but he only played 12 minutes because he committed two fouls . Duke led at halftime 36-25 , a turnaround of 19 points from its early deficit . "  Coach always stresses that great defense leads to great offense , " Cook said . The confidence gained in getting defensive stops led to the desire for Duke players to drive the lane instead of shooting three-pointers . "  We saw seams that we could take advantage of , " Cook said . In the second half , Duke increased its lead to 20 points , then cruised home . The Spartans were never able to cut the deficit to single digits and Duke sank its free throws in the final minutes . "  We got beat and ... Duke played awfully well , but I thought it was n't one of our better games , " Michigan State head coach Tom Izzo said . The Blue Devils apparently like playing in Final Fours in Indianapolis , home of the NCAA . It won titles there in 1991 and 2010 . The other two crowns came in 1992 and 2001 , each in Minneapolis . Duke has beaten Wisconsin this season , 80-70 in Wisconsin in December . If Duke wins Monday night , it would tie Indiana and North Carolina for third-most NCAA championships with five .	Wisconsin , which last won a title in 1941 , was led by birthday boy Frank Kaminsky Justise Winslow leads Duke with 19 points , while Jahlil Okafor has 18 Coach K says his team 's defense was "  terrific "
London  CNN  In his teenage years , there was little to set Mohammed Emwazi -- a quiet , hardworking boy with a few friends -- apart from his classmates . That 's according to Joanna Shuter , his former head teacher at Quintin Kynaston Community Academy in northwest London . Now 26 , Emwazi has gained international notoriety after being identified as the ISIS militant nicknamed "  Jihadi John " who 's appeared in beheading videos of Western hostages . But in his school days , it was a different matter . When he joined Quintin Kynaston at 14 or 15 , he was little trouble himself but was the focus of some bullying . "  He was bullied a little , but because he was quiet and he was reserved ... generally he was fine , " Shuter said . "  There were no massive behavior problems with him , and by the time he got into ...  his last years  he had settled , he was working hard , he achieved great grades for him , and he went to the university of his choice . " He just did n't stand out as troubled , she said . "  If there had been any concerns about Mohammed , they would have been picked up , and we would have intervened and tried to support him in any way that we could have done . " Born in Kuwait , but brought up in London from the age of 6 , Emwazi was one of the school 's many students from an immigrant background . The school 's intake is 70 % Muslim , said Shuter , with many students coming from large housing estates in what is a multicultural area of London . But its ethos was one of tolerance and integration , with all students encouraged to feel part of the school community . Staff made great efforts to get to know the 1,400 students in the school so that nobody would feel excluded or left behind , Shuter said . They also reached out to the sometimes insular , conservative Muslim communities that many of their students came from , she said , to try to help students who could feel torn between different cultures . Nonetheless , Emwazi was somehow drawn in by radical influences , most likely outside of school or through social media . And he was not alone . At least two other students who attended Quintin Kynaston also allegedly later turned to Islamist extremism . One , Mohammed Sakr , only overlapped at the school by a few months with Shuter . He was reportedly killed in a U.S. drone strike in Somalia in 2012 . "  He was very outgoing , jolly , sporty kind of person and fun , " Shuter said . Shuter sees social media as the greatest danger facing young people and their families today . "  I think social media is terrifying because it does have the power to influence young people in a way that as adults we have no power to control , " she said . She still finds it hard to believe that Emwazi could be the apparent killer with the London accent recorded on ISIS videos . "  My blood just ran cold , " she said of when she first heard the news . "  When I hear the name , I just find it incredible to marry what I 've clearly seen on the TV with the person that I knew . It literally makes the hairs on the back of my neck stand up . I ca n't believe what has happened to him and the influences that clearly have completely changed him . "  I think it 's horrific , the idea that a young man like that could become somebody that people say is the poster boy for  ISIS  . I just think it 's shocking . " The London-accented voice is all too familiar to anyone who 's watched the videos released by ISIS of the killing of Western hostages . CAGE , a London-based advocacy group that worked with Emwazi , has released audio of a phone conversation from 2009 in which he talks about members of the UK security services questioning him . They asked about his attitude toward the July 7 , 2005 , terror attacks in London and the 9/11 attacks on the United States , he says . "  We 're going to keep a close eye on you , Mohammed , " he alleges they told him . CAGE has painted a picture of a young man driven to extremism by unwarranted harassment by security services . It says emails he sent the group paint a picture of a desperate man hounded by authorities who saw his plans for a new life crumble as he tried unsuccessfully to get help . But some analysts say the emails are only part of the story , arguing that investigators targeted Emwazi because they already saw he had links with terrorist groups .	Mohammed Emwazi 's ex-head teacher says he was a quiet boy , slightly bullied at school She says there was no sign during his school years that he was turning to radical Islam Advocacy group releases audio with Emwazi 's complaints of security services ' questioning
CNN  -- Unlike al Qaeda , the Pakistani Taliban organization has shown little appetite for taking its brand of jihadism beyond the borders of Pakistan and Afghanistan . Maybe that 's changing . Certainly that 's the case if the messages from the organization 's leader , Hakimullah Mehsud , are to be taken at face value . "  From now on , " he says in an audio message said to have been recorded in April , "  the main targets of our fedayeen -LSB- fighters -RSB- are American cities . This good news will be heard within some days or weeks . Today onwards , the direction of our jihad is American states and cities . Inshallah we are successful in this mission and objective . " The Pakistani Taliban , also known as Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan , or TTP , does not lack a motive to lash out . In recent months it has come under increasing pressure as the United States has intensified drone strikes and the Pakistani army has carried out offensives against the group deep inside its safe haven in Pakistan 's Federally Administered Tribal Areas . Officials are keeping an open mind about any link between the Taliban and the failed car bombing in New York last weekend . Within hours of the incident , an audio message purportedly from Qari Hussain Mehsud  a senior member of the TTP  claimed responsibility for the attack . "  This attack is a revenge for the great and valuable martyred leaders of mujahedeen , " he said . At first intelligence analysts discounted the message  not least because of specious claims by the group in the past  , but as more information emerged about the incident , it has received renewed attention . Very occasionally in the past the TTP has made threats about launching attacks overseas . Before he was killed by a drone strike last year , the group 's then leader , Baitullah Mehsud  no direct relation to Hakimullah or Qari Hussain  told reporters : "  Very soon we will take revenge from America , not in Afghanistan but in Washington , which will amaze the entire world . " And he added : "  The maximum they can do is martyr me . " They did -- but not before Mehsud made an outlandish claim that the TTP was responsible for a shooting rampage in Binghamton , New York , that left 13 people dead .  A Vietnamese immigrant carried out the attack before killing himself . The question for counterterrorism officials now is whether the threat by Hakimullah Mehsud to attack targets in the United States is bluster or carries real menace . The TTP was officially formed in 2007 when a number of hard-line Islamist groups demanding the introduction of Sharia law in Pakistan came together in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas . They had already murdered scores of tribal elders to clear the area of rival authorities . The TTP 's ambitions were at first confined to the tribal territories bordering Afghanistan . But by 2009 it was challenging Pakistan 's heartlands and its establishment , with attacks on police academies , government buildings and army convoys as far away as Lahore and Rawalpindi . It has also cooperated closely with the Afghan Taliban and attacked NATO convoys and pre-positioned supplies on their way to Afghanistan . But it was the Taliban 's widening campaign against the state that led the Pakistani army to launch major offensives last year in the Swat Valley and South Waziristan . There has been just one documented example of the TTP showing more global ambitions . On January 19 , 2008 , 12 Pakistanis and two Indians were arrested in Barcelona , Spain . Ten were charged -- along with another suspect later detained in the Netherlands -- with involvement in a conspiracy to carry out suicide bomb attacks on Barcelona 's subway system . Several of the conspirators had arrived from Pakistan in the weeks before they were arrested . Soon after their arrest , U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said : "  The Barcelona cell appears to have ties to a terrorist training network run by Baitullah Mehsud . " Several months later a TTP spokesman , Maulvi Omar , acknowledged in a video , "  The one in Barcelona was conducted by 12 of our men . They were under pledge to Baitullah Mehsud , and TTP has already claimed responsibility because of Spain 's military presence in Afghanistan . " The 11 ultimately charged were convicted and sentenced to jail terms of eight to 10 years in December last year . Much of the prosecution 's case was based on an informant inside the cell who said he had been trained in the use of explosives in Waziristan , the TTP 's stronghold before the Pakistani army offensive . To date , the Barcelona case remains the only credible example of the TTP 's capability to take its fight overseas . But other Pakistani groups have shown an ability and desire to broaden their targets . Lashkar-e-Taiba recruited American David Headley to reconnoiter and plan an attack on the offices of the Danish newspaper that published cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed in 2005 . He was arrested on his return to the United States last year -- before any attack was carried out -- and pleaded guilty to charges connected to the conspiracy . Headley also confessed to involvement in reconnaissance for the Mumbai attacks by Lashkar in November 2008 . For its part , the TTP has developed both its alliances and capabilities closer to home , most notably joining forces with al Qaeda for the attack on a U.S. base in eastern Afghanistan that killed seven CIA employees and contractors last December . And last month it launched a complex but unsuccessful attack on the U.S. Consulate in Peshawar . Intelligence analysts believe that as the attempted car bombing in Times Square was so poorly executed , it would be surprising if the TTP were closely involved .	Officials keep open mind about any link between Taliban and failed New York car bombing Pakistani Taliban occasionally has made threats about launching attacks overseas Just one example of global ambitions has been documented
CNN  -- A transsexual woman has won on appeal the right to marry her boyfriend , a decision poised to rewrite Hong Kong 's marriage law . The appellant -- known only by the initial "  W " -- is a post-operative male-to-female transsexual who was refused the right to marry because she did not quality as a "  woman " under Hong Kong law . The Court of Final Appeal ruled 4-1 Monday that the restriction was unconstitutional . The 37-year-old woman -- who had a government-subsidized sex change operation -- had twice lost her case at lower courts . "  I may have born a man but after transgender surgery at a government hospital more than five years ago , I 've lived my life as a woman and been treated as a woman in all respects except as regards my right to marry , " W said in a statement to local reporters through her attorney , Michael Vidler , according to the South China Morning Press . "  This decision rights that wrong , and I 'm very happy the Court of -LSB- Final -RSB- Appeal now recognizes my desire to marry my boyfriend one day , and that desire is no different to that of any other woman who seeks the same here in Hong Kong . " The court decision will not come into effect for 12 months to give the Hong Kong legislature the opportunity to address the portion of the law deemed unconstitutional . "  We should make it clear that nothing in this judgment is intended to address the question of same sex marriage , " Chief Justice Geoffrey Ma Tao-li and Judge Robert Ribeiro wrote in their majority decision . The majority found the idea that a "  woman " is a biological criteria fixed at birth "  is particularly hard to justify in the light of significant medical advances in the treatment of transsexualism and important changes in the understanding of and social attitudes towards transsexual persons which have occurred over the last 40 odd years . " The only dissenting judge -- Patrick Chan Siu-Oi -- argued "  it is difficult and unrealistic to consider marriage to be entirely unconnected with procreation . "  There is no evidence that social attitudes in Hong Kong on the institution of marriage have changed to the extent that this concept of marriage has been abandoned or generally and substantially weakened , " Judge Chan wrote .	A transsexual woman has won on appeal the right to marry her boyfriend in a landmark case She was refused the right to marry as she did not quality as a "  woman " under Hong Kong law The 37-year-old , known as ` W , ' had a sex change operation more than five years ago Judges noted the decision does not address the question of same-sex marriage
CNN  Seriously people , is there something about snow storms that makes us want to eat French toast and sit on the toilet ? With every predicted blizzard , there 's a mad dash to load up on milk , bread , eggs and toilet paper . But why those particular items ? Sure , there are some variations including booze , snack foods and even ice cream . Yet these items are the first to disappear from store shelves when the dreaded "  snow " word is mentioned . Are you in the storm 's path ? Please share your images if you can do so safely . According to AccuWeather.com , we might be able to thank a particular region for at least some of it . "  It appears that New Englanders can take credit for the purchasing of milk and bread prior to the storm , " the site reported on its site . "  It was the monumental blizzard in 1978 that trapped many in homes for weeks that gets at least some credit for the current tradition . In November 2014 , writer Virginia Montanez set out to unravel the mystery for Pittsburgh Magazine . What she found was that during one of that city 's worst snowstorms , which began on November 24 , 1950 , an article in a local newspapers referenced milk as "  the one shortage that has hit all sections " and bread as being "  doled out in some stores " because of a storm that ultimately brought almost 3 feet of snow . As for the toilet paper ? Montanez had a theory that a line in the story referring to folks being advised to make sure they cooperated by "  buying what they need . " "  I do n't know about you , but when I 'm listing the things we NEED , if we 're going to be snowed in for the next few days , toilet paper is damn sure going to be one of them , " she wrote . It does n't appear to make much sense given that one of the major problems in many storms is the loss of power . And that 's a bad thing when it comes to keeping milk and eggs fresh , though Mother Nature could lend a hand if said items are simply placed in the snow . Eat This List : 5 things to cook up when it 's cold out The need to stock up on perishables has led to some creativity . There 's the French Toast Alert System which according to its site "  has been developed in consultation with local and federal emergency officials to help you determine when to panic and rush to the store to buy milk , eggs and bread . " The site rates storms from low to severe and on Sunday their Twitter account sounded the alarm for its followers . In 2013 Comedian Vic DiBitetto released a YouTube of his song "  Bread & Milk " in which he poked fun at the tradition . On Monday social media was filled with evidence that people were staying true to form in their buying habits . Just know that in a few months it will be hurricane season in some parts of the country and folks will once again be scrambling for -- you guessed it -- milk , bread , and toilet paper .	There are some items people rush for prior to a storm AccuWeather.com says New England may be to blame One writer wrote she believed she solved the mystery
CNN  -- Residents near a fast-growing wildfire in Southern California were evacuated Wednesday as hundreds of firefighters tried to contain the blaze that had grown to 1,700 acres . One firefighter suffered minor injuries , the Riverside County Fire Department said . There were no exact numbers on how many people had been evacuated from what 's being called the Summit Fire as of Wednesday evening , but authorities said a 200-unit mobile home park in Cherry Valley had been cleared . They also said some residents in Banning were told to leave their homes . Banning is about 25 miles west of Palm Springs . An evacuation center has been opened at the Banning Community Services Center , officials said . The fire department said on its website that 425 firefighters were involved in efforts to douse the flames . The state agency Cal Fire reported 30 % containment of the blaze just before 7 p.m.  10 p.m. ET  Wednesday . CNN affiliate KTLA said at least one home was burned as 30-mph winds drove the flames . The National Weather Service in San Diego said a red flag warning was in effect until Friday evening . Forecasters called for wind speeds between 15 and 25 mph with gusts up to 55 mph . CNN 's Cheri Mossburg , Erica Henry and Irving Last contributed to this report .	NEW : Cal Fire reports blaze is 30 % contained Fire had grown to 1,700 acres as of Wednesday night One firefighter was hurt , officials say ; CNN affiliate reports one home had burned
CNN  -- A 36-year-old Atlanta woman whose body was found last month most likely died from exposure to cold , officials said Tuesday . The death of Stacey Nicole English , last seen alive shortly after Christmas , was classified an accident by the Fulton County Medical Examiner , which cited autopsy results , medical records and witness and acquaintance statements . Investigators used dental records to identify the remains found January 23 in a wooded area in southwest Atlanta . English 's abandoned car was discovered in late December , with the motor running . In a statement , the office said "  the most likely cause of death is cold exposure  hypothermia  complicating underlying neurological and psychiatric disorders . " An autopsy indicated no injuries and toxicology results showed no evidence of a drug overdose . "  Because cold exposure is an external , environmental condition , the manner of death has been classified as accident , " medical examiners said . A St. Louis man who had stayed with her December 24-26 , said English was "  acting peculiar and out of character " during the stay , adding that "  she began screaming in the apartment and shouting biblical scriptures and indicating that the world was coming to an end , " a police report said . He said that he left around 10:30 p.m. on December 26 , after English "  began asking him if he was Satan " and told him to leave "  her residence immediately . " A friend , Michelle Strothers , told police that she last saw English on that day or the next one . In an interview with police on New Year 's Eve , Strothers said that her friend "  appeared upset " and told her "  she felt as if someone was attempting to hurt her . " Earlier , English 's mother and stepfather told police that they typically talked with her "  several times a week " and became worried after she did not answer their calls since they last talked with her on Christmas . Her mother , Cynthia Jamison , said that English "  was currently taking medication " and had attempted suicide by overdose a little more than two years earlier , according to police . All six Fulton medical examiners participated in a peer review , the medical examiner 's office said . Atlanta police later Tuesday said they were closing the case , with no further statement planned .	Police conclude investigation Stacey Nicole English was reported missing after Christmas Medical examiner 's office says her death was an accident It says she likely died of hypothermia
CNN  Tunisia 's tourism industry has been thrown into disarray by a terror attack on Wednesday that left at least 17 foreign visitors dead and prompted urgent warnings over security . Only just recovering from the impact of the Arab Spring uprisings four years ago , Tunisia has once again emerged as a winter sun draw for tens of thousands of travelers . But following Wednesday 's attack and siege at the prestigious Bardo Museum in central Tunis , the country 's tourism industry is once again facing jeopardy even as authorities and operators scramble to ensure the safety of visitors currently in the country . A significant number of foreign tourists were inside the museum at the time of the attack , which government officials said was the work of "  Islamists . " Prime Minister Habib Essid said Polish , Italian , German and Spanish tourists are among those killed , with another 20 tourists plus two Tunisians wounded in the attack . MSC Cruises said its ship , MSC Splendida , is currently docked in the Tunis port of La Goulette and some of its passengers had been on tours of the city , including the Bardo at the time of the attack . "  All the tourist coaches on tour were immediately recalled to the port and all other tours on the ground were immediately suspended , " MSC said in a statement . Another ship , the Costa Fascinosa , docked in Tunis at that time , has a manifest of more than 3,000 passengers , its parent company Costa Cruise said . As details of the incident emerged , several foreign governments put out warnings urging their citizens to stay away from the scene of the attacks , around an area that includes the national parliament building . The U.S. Embassy in Tunis issued an alert that also reiterated standing advice about the potential for violence in Tunisia and the risk of kidnappings . Its warning cautions against trips to Tunisia 's central , southern and border regions . Britain 's Foreign and Commonwealth Office  FCO  also urged UK citizens to stay away from the affected areas of Tunis and to "  follow the instructions of Tunisian security authorities . " Its warning also carried longstanding advice : "  There is a high threat from terrorism , including kidnapping . Attacks could be indiscriminate , including places visited by foreigners . " With tens of thousands of foreign visitors likely to be in Tunisia right now and many more contemplating travel there , travel operators have been rushing to formulate a response to the attack . It 's not immediately known if flights will be added to accommodate any sudden surge in departures or whether tour operators will pull out of the country -- responses that followed a terror attack in Kenya last year . Thomson and First Choice , a UK-based travel operator that carries thousands of vacationers on package trips to Tunisia , said it had canceled organized excursions to Tunis as a precaution . A statement said it would follow FCO advice , which overall remained unchanged for Tunisia . "  Thomson and First Choice customers stay in beach destinations , not Tunis , and we can confirm that none of our customers or staff were affected by the incident that took place there today , " it said . "  As a precaution however we have canceled excursions to Tunis for the coming days . "  Customer safety is of paramount importance to us and we continue to work closely with the FCO and the British Consulate to monitor the situation . Tunisia remains a popular destination for us and customers are enjoying their holidays as normal . " In its advisory , the UK Foreign Office points out "  424,707 British nationals visited Tunisia in 2014 . Most British tourists stay in the coastal resorts and most visits are trouble free . " Indeed , Tunisia 's largely unsullied reputation as a safe north African destination for Europeans seeking low coast beach breaks has clawed back some of the popularity it enjoyed before 2011 . In 2010 , the country welcomed 6.9 million tourists to its beach resorts and numerous historic sites . In 2011 , the year in which an uprising ousted longtime President Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali -- an event credited with triggering the Arab Spring -- that number fell below 4.8 million . With calm restored in recent years -- despite security concerns from neighboring Libya and ongoing political tensions -- those numbers have been on the rise , helped by costly advertising campaigns . Recently reported statistics put visitor numbers still 10 % lower than their pre-2011 levels , but numbers had been expected to rise again -- particularly with a new "  Star Wars " film renewing interest in the country 's role as a key location in the original movies . In a 2013 interview , Tunisian tourism minister Jamel Gamra said up to 20 % of Tunisia 's population -- equivalent to 2 million people -- relied on the tourism industry . He told the Inter Press Service he was optimistic that visitor numbers would continue to grow . "  The sector has big potential and we aim to reach 10 million tourists by 2016 , a growth of one million tourists per year , " he said . "  Tunisia also has more freedom and democracy now , which is very important for economic growth and prosperity and has a positive effect on the tourism industry . "	Gunmen killed 17 tourists and two others on Wednesday at a museum in Tunisia 's capital U.S. , UK and other foreign governments have issued travel warnings Tourism numbers had been increasing in Tunisia in recent years , following downturn after 2011 Arab Spring unrest
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- Russian President Dmitry Medvedev welcomed Cuban President Raul Castro to Moscow on Thursday , marking the first time any Cuban leader has visited Russia 's capital since Fidel Castro made a trip there 22 years ago at the end of the Cold War . Cuban President Raul Castro reviews honor guards after arriving Wednesday in Moscow , Russia . The two presidents appeared together on Russian state television in an informal meeting in which the Cuban leader spoke fondly of his last trip to Moscow almost 30 years ago . Medvedev and Raul Castro will discuss bilateral issues Friday during their official meeting at the Kremlin . "  We plan to reach the signing of a number of agreements aimed at the promotion of interaction of our countries in the trade-economic , financial-investment and cultural-humanitarian areas at the talks , " Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergei Lavrov told Prensa Latina in an interview posted on the official ministry Web site . "  In general , there is no doubt that Castro 's visit will contribute to the strengthening of the Russian-Cuban partnership . " The last time Medvedev and Castro spoke face to face was in November when Medvedev traveled to Latin America , including a stop in Cuba . The visit , during which Medvedev also met with Raul 's ailing brother , Fidel Castro , was part of a regional tour to Venezuela and Brazil , sending a poignant message to the United States that Russia is quickly gaining support in its backyard . After the collapse of Soviet Union , ties between communist Cuba and ex-communist Russia cooled . In 2001 , then-Russian President Vladimir Putin visited Havana , Cuba , to begin new talks with the former Cold War ally . Besides discussing the world 's hot spots and the global financial crisis , Medvedev and Raul Castro will "  focus on solving the issue of lifting the blockade from Cuba under the new U.S. administration , " Lavrov said , referring to the decades-old U.S. embargo against the Caribbean island nation . "  We hope that the joint position of the vast majority of members of the international community on this issue will finally contribute to revising U.S. approaches in a realistic manner , " Lavrov told the interviewers . "  On our side , we are ready to decisively pursue our line aimed at canceling the blockade , in which we can see a relic of the past era . " Castro 's visit is due to last until Wednesday .	Cuban president 's trip intended to strengthen ties with Russia Relations between the two countries cooled when Cold War ended Solving lifting of U.S. trade embargo on Cuba among items on agenda Russian President Dmitry Medvedev visited Cuba in November
CNN  -- EU border patrol missions are scouring the Italian shore in search of yet another missing vessel carrying North Africans attempting to reach Europe , a Maltese commander told CNN Thursday . Many immigrants from Africa attempt to make the perilous journey across the Mediterranean in overcrowded boats . On Friday , a French patrol frigate operating under Frontex , a EU border patrol mission , alerted Italian officials of new incoming vessels after sighting six corpses floating in the Mediterranean . Maltese army officials were unable to recover the corpses because of poor weather conditions . "  Unrelated to these corpses cited , last Friday , we monitored a fiberglass boat that originated from North Africa carrying about 30 to 35 people on board , " said Major Ivan Consiglio from Valletta , the Maltese capital . "  Its fate is uncertain , " he said . "  We have lost track of this boat . " Malta is a hub for immigrants from Africa trying to reach Europe . Approximately 20,000 would-be immigrants have been apprehended on European shores just this year alone , according to Frontex figures . But many do not survive the trek . "  These waters are like the American Wild West , " Consiglio said . "  So many boats try to cross with families and children and some never make it . " Humanitarian groups such the Dutch-based UNITED against Racism , which keeps records on immigration , say thousands of Africans have died trying to cross the Mediterranean and the Adriatic . The trek between Sicily and Tunisia has been dubbed "  a floating cemetery for African immigrants . " In August , 70 people died off the cost of Malta attempting to cross the Mediterranean . On Wednesday , about 300 would-be immigrants were rescued during a storm in the Italian island of Lampedusa . Consiglio said that a growing number of would-be immigrants are braving the waters of the Atlantic in overcrowded dingy boats -- a dangerous mission this time of the year . "  It 's fall here , waters are choppy and covered with fog , " he said . "  Trips are becoming even riskier and these locally-manufactured fiberglass boats do n't have the same rigidity . "	This year around 20,000 migrants have been apprehended on European shores Malta is a hub for immigrants from Africa trying to reach Europe Thousands of Africans have died trying to cross Mediterranean and Adriatic
CNN  -- The relationship between sporting greats and great venues and events is often complicated . Usain Bolt thrives at the Olympics . But Sachin Tendulkar never scored a century at the home of cricket Lord 's while the clay courts at the French Open blunted the talent of tennis legend Pete Sampras . In downhill skiing , though , the man widely considered the best ever had few relationship issues with the mountain all in his sport want to conquer . Franz Klammer won five overall downhill World Cup titles . At one stage he was so dominant he won 11 races in a row . And at downhill 's most famous and feared slope , the Streif , on the Hahnenkamm mountain in Kitzbuhel , he came down the quickest four times . The Streif means strip or stripe . Its combination of blind turns and varying gradients make it the hardest and scariest out there . "  The first time when I came here and I saw the downhill I said : ` I 'm not doing this , these guys are crazy , they are just nuts ' , " Klammer told CNN 's Alpine Edge . ` It is the most difficult and daring downhill on the whole circuit . That 's why its such a good race . If you are a good downhiller you 've got to win Kitzbuhel . " By the sound of it , Austrian ace Klammer knows every nook and cranny of the course so well it is as if he could ski the course blind . "  You have no time to get into the race . "  If you compare it to Wengen , there you start with a few gentle turns . "  On the Streif you accelerate from 0 to 100 kilometers an hour in just three seconds . " And just five seconds after the start you hit the "  mousetrap " , a blind jump where the racers pick their line from trees on the other side of the valley . "  The first time I did it I thought I could n't make it . I tried it and I was going very awkwardly and I did it and I thought wow ! And then it became my favorite part of the course , " recalls Klammer . "  Then you have the Steilhang -- which translates as steep rock slope -- it 's the most difficult turn . It 's a left hanging turn which traverses a hill leaning the other way and you have to carry all your speed through it to the flat bit next . "  If you have no speed there you 're done . You can drink your beer half way down , " adds Klammer with a chuckle . And well might he laugh . He did win here four times , a record only broken last year by Switzerland 's Didier Cuche . "  The first was very special because I had won all my races up to Kitzbuhel . It would be my fifth victory , which would tie the record for wins in one season . "  I had a crash in the training run , so was a little injured . Everything went wrong , but still I won the race , and went on to win the next and set a new record . " For his first victory in 1975 he was the hot favorite . Not so in 1984 . "  I did n't win Kitzbuhel for seven years . I could n't believe it , this is my downhill and I could n't win it any more . What 's happened ? "  And then I was in the starting gate in 1984 and I knew I was going to win this race . No matter what . I was going for it . " Klammer is back in Kitzbuhel where this weekend the latest generation tackle the slope which has staged races since 1931 . In a sport where the talk now is all of preparation , his advice is a little surprising . "  I know exactly where I want to ski but usually I am not where I want to ski ! "  The big thing you have to be able to do is improvise , not stick to your line . If you stick to your line , most likely you are going to be very slow . You just let it go . And then sometime you are 10 meters off your line and you just have to go on from there . " It was this ability to think on his skis that secured his most famous non-Hahnenkamm victory at the Olympic Games in 1976 in front of a ecstatic home crowd in Innsbruck . He was the last man to go in the final and the hopes of a nation rested on his shoulders . "  Halfway down I looked at the crowd and they were cheering but not that enthusiastically , and I thought I better do something , better change something , otherwise I will not win the race . "  So I changed totally the line , and went all the way up to a fence on a big right hander . I had n't even inspected up there . I was skiing right on the edge . " It seems the most famous races of them all really are won not beforehand , but in the 100-odd seconds it takes to get to the bottom .	Austrian skiing legend Franz Klammer was a Hahnenkaam specialist He won four World Cup downhills on the famous but feared slopes Klammer claimed five overall World Cup downhill crowns His most famous victory came at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck
CNN  -- With spring break nearing , my mother contacted my father and arranged for Paul and me to visit him again in Princeton . He suggested that we arrive on a Sunday , and since she had a class to teach the next day , she told us that she would drive us as far as New York and put us on a train the rest of the way . When we got to Penn Station , she bought us two tickets , and half an hour later Paul and I got off at Princeton Junction and started looking around the little station for my father . He was nowhere to seen . A middle-aged white couple walked over to us . "  Do you remember me ? " the man asked . "  I 'm Hube Wilson , an old friend of your dad 's . " "  Yes , " I said . "  We met you in California a long time ago . " "  I remember it well , " he said . "  But I had a different wife then . " "  I 'm his new wife , " the woman said , putting out her hand . "  I knew you too when you both were little boys . My name is Gina . " I did n't remember her . "  Where 's Dad ? " I asked . "  He 's under the weather , " Hube said . "  He asked us to pick you up . He 'll be at home when you get there . " The Wilsons grabbed our duffel bags and took us to their car . It was an ordinary sedan , not the VW bus I remembered from Venice . They did their best to make small talk , remarking on how much we had grown and asking how we liked school . But it was awkward , and Hube no longer matched the matinee idol image I had of him in my mind . His hair had gone white and his face was etched with deep wrinkles . When we arrived at the apartment , I noticed that the blinds were drawn . Hube rang the bell and we waited for over a minute before my father opened the door . He said hello and gave my brother and me a hug , but his embrace felt weak and he looked tired . It took several minutes before he said anything about my appearance . "  It looks like you 've lost some weight , Mark , " he said wanly . Is that it ? I thought , dejectedly . Is that all you 're going to say ? I lost eighty pounds and you barely even noticed ? He had prepared sandwiches and iced tea for lunch . The Wilsons stayed and chatted while Paul and I ate . My father smoked and drank coffee and did n't touch anything on his plate . When the Wilsons left , he told us that there was n't much to do in Princeton on Sundays but that he had plans to take us sightseeing and to a movie the next day . He suggested that we might want to take a nap . I was n't tired , so I browsed through the bookshelves in the living room to find something to read . I picked out "  The Godfather , " by Mario Puzo , and quickly became engrossed by the opening scenes of the big wedding and the horse 's head in the movie producer 's bed . For dinner , he reheated spaghetti he emptied from a plastic container in the refrigerator and made garlic bread in a toaster oven . "  I remember how much you like garlic bread , " he said . Paul and I got into our pajamas and climbed into the sofa bed that he had prepared in his upstairs study . He kissed us goodnight and went down the stairs . I still was n't sleepy , and as I lay awake thinking , I heard the front door open and close . Where 's Dad going ? I wondered . Is it okay for Paul and me to be here by ourselves ? Then about twenty minutes later , I heard the door open again and the sound of my father 's footsteps . Relieved that he was home , I drifted off . Paul was sound asleep when I awoke the next morning . I listened for other noises but did n't hear any . I felt hungry , so I rose quietly and tiptoed downstairs to see if I could find something to eat . The kitchen in his condo was small and modern , with a little eating counter and bar stool . I did n't know exactly what sizes liquor came in , but I could tell that the Beefeater bottle on the counter was the big kind . There was still some liquid left in it , but not much , only a tiny bit at the bottom . Next to it was a pumpkin pie . It was the storebought variety in a tin shell , not like the pies my mother made from scratch for Thanksgiving . The center had been scooped out , as if by a scavenging animal . There were no slices , just an ugly hole in the middle . I stood there for a long time , trying to figure out the meaning of what I saw in front of me . It reminded me of the still-life paintings in my mother 's big books about French art , only with a gruesome twist . Had Dad done this ? I wondered . Did he drink that whole bottle of gin ? Was that why he went out at night , to go to a liquor store ? And why would he eat the pie that way ? Was he so drunk he could n't even hold a knife and fork ? I heard Paul getting up . I did n't want him to see the sad tableau , so I hid the bottle and the pie in the back of the refrigerator . I made us toast for breakfast , and we sat around waiting for my father to wake up . Sometime after noon , I smelled cigarette smoke upstairs . Then there was the sound of a phone being dialed and my father talking in a low voice . At last he came downstairs , covered only by a terrycloth bathrobe . "  I 'm sorry , boys , " he said . "  I have to leave . I 've called your grandmother in Pittsburgh and she 's going to come to take care of you . " "  Where are you going ? " I asked anxiously . "  Back to the hospital , " he said . "  I wanted to get well to spend time with you boys , but I 'm sick again and have to go back . " He went back upstairs , and Paul and I sat there in the living room until sundown , dazed and disappointed , not knowing what to think about what was happening . The next day Grandmother Edith arrived , and a taxi came to take my father away . He must have been too proud to call my mother , because she only learned what had happened when Grandmother phoned her to make plans to meet at Aunt Cleo 's . On the train ride to New York , Grandmother Edith tried to keep our spirits up , but I could see how distraught she was . "  Do you know we 're going to France next year ? " I asked , hoping to say something that would make us both feel better . "  Yes , Jeanne told me , " she said . "  I think it will be a wonderful experience for you boys . " "  And what about Dad ? " I asked . "  Do you think he 'll be okay while we 're gone ? " There was a long pause before she answered . "  I do n't know , child , " Grandmother said , "  but I want you to pray for him . "	In new book , CNN managing editor tells story of his family Following parents ' separation , Mark Whitaker and his brother visited their father Father was too ill to pick the boys up from the train station due to alcoholism Visit was cut short when Whitaker 's dad had to check into a hospital for treatment
Beijing , China  CNN  -- The heads of state of Russia , China and four Central Asian partner nations signed a statement Thursday opposing outside intervention in Syria and Iran . "  We believe any attempts to resolve the Iranian issue by force are unacceptable , " the statement from the Shanghai Cooperation Organization read . "  Such attempts could lead to unpredictably serious consequences , which would threaten stability and security in the region and the entire world . " The heads of state of the other member nations , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Uzbekistan , who attended the meeting hosted in Beijing , also signed the statement . On Syria , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization statement was less blunt , calling for "  dialogues that respect Syria 's sovereignty , independence and territorial integrity . " But on Wednesday , Russian president Vladimir Putin and Chinese President Hu Jintao had stronger words about Syria , once more presenting a united front on the crisis that stands in opposition to tough measures discussed by Western powers . "  Both sides firmly oppose any attempt to resolve the Syrian crisis through foreign military intervention as well as promoting forced ` regime change ' at the U.N. Security Council and other venues , " the two presidents said . Instead , they reiterated support for the mediation efforts of U.N. special envoy Kofi Annan and called on all parties in the conflict to stop violence and engage in dialogue . As permanent members of the U.N. Security Council , China and Russia have veto powers and are important players in the Syrian conflict , having vetoed draft resolutions that called for sanctions against the Syrian regime . In February , they vetoed a draft resolution calling on President Bashar al-Assad to step down , claiming it lacked balance . And last Friday , they both vetoed a U.N. resolution condemning last month 's massacre in Houla . The vetoes drew criticism from the Syrian opposition and Western powers . Pressure has been mounting on China and Russia to use their influence on Syria and join efforts led by the United States to impose more sanctions on the al-Assad government and force it to step down . Last Tuesday , U.S. Secretary of State Hilary Clinton urged China and Russia to be "  part of the solution in Syria " by backing a political transition from the al-Assad regime . Based on the tone of the joint statement , observers say it seems unlikely that China and Russia are going to change their positions on Syria anytime soon . This year , the Shanghai Cooperation Organization granted Afghanistan "  observer status " in its organization . In its closing statement , it called for the country to become "  an independent , neutral , peaceful and prosperous nation . "	Russia and China display a united front on Syria and Iran The two major powers and their regional partners oppose military intervention The stance opposes Western ideas of tougher measures
CNN  -- Police attacked the former Maldives president Wednesday , beating him up a day after he stepped down , the Maldivian Democratic Party said . "  We strongly condemned the violent attack by the Maldivian Police Service on President  Mohamed  Nasheed and senior officials of the MDP , " the party said in a written statement . "  President Nasheed is being beaten up as of now in an ongoing peaceful protest . " Four members of Parliament were detained as violence gripped the nation 's capital , Male , lawmaker Eva Abdulla said , and the head of the party was hospitalized in critical condition . Police sprayed tear gas and beat demonstrators with batons , she said , and the violence left some protesters bleeding in the streets . "  It 's absolute lack of order at the moment , " she said . "  Nobody seems to be in charge . " Police could not be immediately reached for comment . Earlier Wednesday , Nasheed had called for his successor to leave office , saying he was forced to resign in a coup . Nasheed resigned Tuesday after a revolt by police officers . Vice President Mohammed Waheed Hassan was sworn in as president shortly after Nasheed resigned . Nasheed was the first democratically elected president of the Indian Ocean nation in three decades . In a nationally televised address , he said he was stepping down because he did n't feel he was able to maintain security and peace in the country , which attracts hundreds of thousands of tourists every year . "  We 're urging the government and the political parties to work together to resolve the situation peacefully and we 're continuing to monitor the situation , " U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said Wednesday . She said U.S. envoy Robert Blake would make a stop in Male on Saturday as part of previously scheduled trip to the region . Strategically located in the Indian Ocean but extremely poor , the Maldives is threatened by rising sea levels . Nasheed once held a Cabinet meeting underwater , with ministers wearing scuba gear , to highlight the problem . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Mohamed Nasheed 's party says police targeted him with a "  violent attack " A lawmaker says four members of Parliament have been abducted The former president is calling his ouster a coup Nasheed was the first democratically elected president in decades
CNN  -- At least one person was killed when an overpass bridge under construction collapsed in Belo Horizonte , Brazil , one of the host cities for the ongoing World Cup , firefighters said Thursday on Twitter . Two buses were also damaged in the collapse , said CNN affiliate TV Record , which cited firefighters . Images that circulated on social media showed a bus trapped by the collapsed concrete structure . Another photo showed at least one car was crushed . No further details were immediately available . The overpass traverses a major thoroughfare and is almost four miles from the 58,170-seat Estadio Mineirao where the World Cup games are being played in Belo Horizonte . The overpass was supposed to have been completed in time for the World Cup . Brazil 's preparations for the World Cup have been controversial . Some critics say the spending was lavish at the expense of schools , public services and hospitals . Also , many of the country 's 12 venues struggled to meet construction schedules in time for the games , and several workers died on World Cup stadium construction sites . Belo Horizonte will host Tuesday 's semifinal match between the winner of the France-Germany match and the winner of the Brazil-Colombia game . The city has so far hosted five World Cup games since June 14 , when Colombia beat Greece 3-0 . Tuesday 's game will be the last to be hosted by the city in this year 's World Cup . The U.S. team did not compete there this year . Most recently , Brazil and Chile played to a 1-1 tie in Belo Horizonte on Saturday . Estadio Mineirao is one of the most historic venues in Brazilian soccer and was overhauled for the games : The pitch surface was lowered , accessibility improved , and a system installed to capture and store rainwater for reuse . The facility 's official name is Estadio Governador Magalhaes Pinto , but it 's commonly known as the Mineirao . The stadium is home to Atletico Mineiro and Cruzeiro , both former national champions in Brazil . Even before World Cup ball starts rolling , Rio de Janeiro 's Olympics under scrutiny Pele : Brazil to put ` problems ' behind them and stage ` fantastic ' World Cup CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report . Shasta Darlington contributed from Brazil .	NEW : Overpass construction was supposed to have been completed for World Cup NEW : Overpass is almost four miles from a stadium where World Cup is played Brazilian firefighters say one person is dead Belo Horizonte , Brazil , will host Tuesday 's semifinal match in the World Cup
CNN  -- Joe Saenz rubbed his hands together and smiled as he walked up to a Los Angeles County , California , home . His demeanor gave no clues as to what would happen next . Once in the front yard of the home , police said , he drew a gun and shot the victim several times , then in the head , execution-style . The slaying , caught on tape in October 2008 , was over drug money , police said . Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department Detective Traci Gonzales knew there were drug and gang ties to the slaying , so she showed the videotape to Los Angeles Police Department Detective Ron Chavarria , a veteran on the gang beat . At the time , Gonzales had no idea that videotape would break open a case that has frustrated local and federal authorities for a decade . Saenz had eluded authorities for so long , they thought he might be dead . Now , they knew Saenz , wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape , was still out there . Saenz is the newest person on the FBI 's Most Wanted List , after three fugitives on the list were recently caught . A member of the Cuatro Flats gang , Saenz first stepped into police crosshairs in 1998 . He was wanted for shooting and killing two rival gang members at a housing complex in the Hollenbeck area of Los Angeles . Then , he was a fresh-faced 22-year-old with a dark side . "  Just gruesome , gruesome , cold-blooded , " Chavarria said . "  Just walks right up to these guys , shoots them and then just walks over and stands over them and shoots them each in the head and casually walks away . " They knew he was dangerous , and they had to find him . "  We had pictures of him constantly on our dashboard so that there was no question if we saw this guy we knew who he was , " Chavarria said . Within days , Saenz -- also known as Jose Saenz , Louie Louie and more than two dozen other aliases -- was wanted for a third murder . Investigators said Saenz suspected the mother of his child , Sigreta Hernandez , would turn him in , so he kidnapped , raped and murdered her at his grandmother 's house . "  He leaves a note indicating that his grandmother has nothing to do with the murder and that he left the scene . And from that point on he became a fugitive for the next 10 years , " Gonzales said . FBI Special Agent Scott Garriola believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking -- crossing the border with falsified documents . "  He 's believed to be linked with the cartels in Mexico , bringing large amounts of narcotics into the Los Angeles area , Garriola said . "  And I think the reason for the last crime was a direct relationship to the cartels . " He 's eluded police for years , and has reportedly made statements that he plans to kill a police officer if they ever find him and arrest him , according to the FBI 's Most Wanted Web site . Now , authorities are hoping the video from October 2008 will help them get one step closer to the man who they say terrifies those who know him just as much as his victims . "  We heard rumors that not only citizens were afraid of him , but also his own gang members were afraid of him , " Chavarria said . The chilling video , Chavarria said , shows why Saenz is so dangerous . "  It looks like he really enjoys what he does , he enjoys killing people , " he said .	Joe Saenz wanted in connection with four murders , a kidnapping and a rape Saenz , a member of Cuatro Flats gang , reportedly kills man on video FBI believes Saenz graduated from local gangs to international drug trafficking Saenz allegedly killed mother of his child out of fear she 'd turn him in
Simferopol , Ukraine  CNN  -- On a dusty , pot-holed road south from the Crimean capital , Simferopol , there is a battered sign in Cyrillic . "  Yalta , " it says , pointing the way to the town on the Black Sea where UK Prime Minister Winston Churchill , USSR Premier Joseph Stalin and U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt met secretly in February 1945 . It was at this Crimean resort that the "  Big Three " debated the future of Europe Nearly 70 years later , Crimea is again at the heart of that argument . Most historians conclude that Stalin was the "  winner " at Yalta . There was little discussion of Eastern Europe , which was soon to fall within the Soviet orbit . Churchill and Roosevelt won no meaningful concessions on Poland , already occupied by Soviet troops . The ailing U.S. President 's main aim was to win agreement on setting up the United Nations , where the United States and Soviet Union would spend the next 40 years vetoing each other 's resolutions in the Security Council . Yalta was the preamble to the Cold War . Facts on the ground -- the sweep westward of the Red Army -- strengthened Stalin 's hand . In the House of Commons after returning from the conference , Churchill asked of the Poles : "  Are their sovereignty and independence to be untrammeled , or are they to become a mere projection of the Soviet state ? " The answer -- a sham election in 1947 that sealed Communist rule -- was not long in coming . The Iron Curtain , a term coined by Churchill , may have long fallen , holding out the promise to what former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev called "  our common European home . " But arguments over sovereignty , self-determination and spheres of influence are suddenly electric again . And they are playing out in the Crimean Peninsula . Land hungry or quelling ` fascists ' ? The Russian flag already flies across Crimea . Pro-Ukrainian rallies attract a couple of hundred people . Most Ukrainians here seem resigned to the new order , although a steady stream have taken the train north to stay in Kiev , for the time being at least . Cossacks now guard government buildings , and the new self-installed government talks of plans for adopting the ruble and Moscow 's time-zone . Billboards proclaiming "  Together With Russia " are everywhere . Flights from Ukraine into Simferopol , currently suspended , will be directed to the international terminal if they ever resume . And a border , with barbed wire and checkpoints , is already taking shape across the neck of land that joins Crimea to the rest of Ukraine . The other evening , an elderly man shuffled in the shadow of the statue of Lenin that still dominates Simferopol 's largest square . He carried a flag , the hammer and sickle of the Soviet era , and a photograph , of Stalin . To older Russians here who remember the collaboration of some Ukrainians with the Nazis , the nationalist politicians now in government in Kiev are "  fascists . " They claim the "  Right Sector " in Ukraine is planning to sabotage Sunday 's referendum in Crimea with acts of provocation . Referendum billboards in Sevastopol -- the home of Russia 's Black Sea fleet -- display maps of Russia and Ukraine , the latter stamped with a swastika . And then there is the opposite narrative . Many Ukrainians -- including interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyk -- think Russian President Vladimir Putin wants to expand Russia to the old borders of the Soviet Union . They say that if Moscow is allowed to annex Crimea , it will look hungrily to eastern Ukraine , Moldova and Georgia . They lament what they saw as the West 's indifference when Russian tanks came within 50 miles of the Georgian capital Tbilisi in 2008 . And they fear Putin will continue to do all in his power to stop Ukraine from knocking at the door of that "  common European home " by seeking to join the European Union . Even in the Baltic states , politicians liken events today in Crimea to Stalin 's gobbling up of their countries in 1940 . Germany has gone as far as to reassure the Baltic republics -- which have sizeable Russian speaking minorities -- that as members of NATO they will be secure . But the alarm at unfolding events is palpable -- in Berlin , Paris and other western capitals . German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Russia was taking advantage of Ukraine 's weakness . That is how wars began in the 19th and 20th centuries , she said , "  which we thought we had overcome . " Historical ring in Russian warning Putin -- buoyed by rocketing approval ratings at home -- seems unmoved by U.S. threats of what Merkel called "  massive political and economic consequences " for Russia should it absorb Crimea . What those consequences will be remains unclear , but they seem likely to begin with visa restrictions and the freezing of foreign assets held by the new pro-Russian leadership and its supporters in Crimea . The justification would be that they have illegally and unconstitutionally taken over part of a sovereign country . Should Russia go ahead and annex Crimea , sanctions would likely be extended to prominent Russians . But the Russian military exercises close to Ukraine 's eastern border over the past few days may be designed to warn that consequences will in turn have consequences . On Friday , the Russian Foreign Ministry issued a stark warning about unrest in eastern Ukraine , where Russian speakers make up about half the population . After Ukrainian and pro-Russian protesters clashed in Donetsk on Thursday , reportedly leaving two dead , Moscow said it had repeatedly warned the new government in Kiev that it must "  disarm the militants , provide security for the population and legal rights for people during demonstrations . " The Foreign Ministry statement went on : "  Russia acknowledges its responsibility for the lives of its compatriots and fellow citizens in Ukraine and reserves the right to take these people under its protection . " That too has an historical ring . Seventy-five years ago , on March 15 , 1939 , Adolf Hitler ordered the Wehrmacht into the Sudetenland , a German-speaking part of Czechoslovakia . His justification was simple : "  I am simply demanding that the oppression of three and a half million Germans in Czechoslovakia cease and that the inalienable right to self-determination take its place . "	70 years after "  Big Three " debates future of Europe at Yalta , Crimea is again at heart of argument Arguments over sovereignty , self-determination and influence are suddenly electric again Many Ukrainians think Putin wants to expand Russia to the old borders of the Soviet Union Putin -- buoyed by rocketing approval ratings at home -- seems unmoved by U.S. threats
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- He had a name that rang down through generations . Ted Kennedy , far right , with brothers Bobby , center , and Jack in 1948 . It was a gilded name in politics , but Ted Kennedy 's life was an almost impossible kaleidoscope of outstanding public service , astonishing personal failures and the heavy burden of the unfulfilled legacies and promise of three older brothers : Joseph , Jack and Bobby . "  It reminds me , there 's a great quote by Ernest Hemingway , who said , ` Everyone is broken by life , but afterwards , some are stronger in the broken places , ' " presidential historian Doris Kearns Goodwin said . Ted , the youngest of the Kennedys , became the patriarch of the family at 36 when Bobby -- whose 1968 presidential campaign championed the sick , the poor and the elderly -- was assassinated . "  Those of us who loved him , and who take him to his rest today , pray that what he was to us and what he wished for others will some day come to pass for all the world , " Kennedy said in the eulogy at his brother 's funeral . In the four decades since that day , the Kennedy legacy was Ted Kennedy 's to fulfill , and his to write . Watch more about Kennedy and the end of Camelot " It 's an imperfect story of an often reckless young man who lived hard and as a U.S. senator drove a car off a bridge after a party , killing a young campaign aide . He would never be president . The dream of Camelot -- as Jackie Kennedy once described her husband 's brief presidency -- was over the night Kennedy conceded the primaries to President Jimmy Carter . "  For all those whose cares have been our concern , the work goes on . The cause endures . The hope still lives , and the dream shall never die , " he said in his keynote address at the 1980 Democratic National Convention . So Kennedy returned to the Senate , and over the next 30 years he grew older , wiser and greatly admired . In the Senate was redemption . In the Senate , the dream came alive . In the Senate early in the morning , late at night , Ted Kennedy fought and cut deals for minimum wage increases , health care , education , immigration reform , and help for the poor , the elderly and the sick . "  There are millions of people who counted on this guy every day to stand up for them . And for decades to come , history will talk about his legislative accomplishments and the difference he made in public policy , " said Sen. Chris Dodd , D-Connecticut . Even before Kennedy 's death , colleagues on the right and left mourned his absence in the health care debate . Now they feel it acutely . "  Of all the times to lose Ted Kennedy , this is the toughest time , because we 're just in too many camps , it 's hard to reach across the aisle , and Sen. Kennedy made it easy to reach across the aisle , " said Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina . Eventually , someone will fill the Senate seat of Edward Moore Kennedy , but there 's pretty much universal agreement that nobody -- family or friend -- can take his place . A man has passed , taking with him a time and an era . The Kennedy legacy is written .	Ted Kennedy became the patriarch of the family at age 36 Kennedy had unsuccessful presidential career but found redemption in the Senate Even before his death , colleagues mourned his absence in health care debate
Beijing  CNN  -- The Chinese newspaper at the center of a censorship storm hit newsstands in the capital Thursday for the first time since journalists went on strike in protest against apparent editorial interference from the government . However , the Southern Weekly was not widely available in southern Guangdong province , where it is published . The controversy surfaced last week when a group of former Southern Weekly journalists said , in an open letter , that a local propaganda chief had dramatically altered the paper 's traditional New Year message , which had called for certain reforms and greater respect for constitutional rights . While newspapers in China are often subject to censorship , the journalists wrote in the letter that the changes , which included praise for the Communist Party , were excessive and took place after editors had signed off on the final proofs . Victor Li , a Chinese writer living in Beijing , told CNN China 's new leadership would have taken a dim view of these calls by a newspaper known for pushing the boundaries . "  For these new bosses , what they do not need from Southern Weekly is that kind of advice ! Just think about it , they have been waiting for this moment for a very long time and finally they are in charge . "  They believe they know what they should do and when to do it as well as how to do it . They do not want to be told what to do by a local newspaper ! " But soon enough , editors , reporters and their supporters protested on the Internet , on social media and in front of the office complex of the embattled media group . Protesters carried posters calling for press freedom . Some came with flowers to "  mourn the death of press freedom , " while others wore facemasks to symbolize the gagging of the media . Even celebrities voiced their support via their micro-blogging accounts . Han Han , one of the most influential contemporary writers and bloggers in China , recently wrote on his blog post : "  The Southern Weekly has informed me a lot as a reader . It gives power to the weak and hope to the hopeless . So , in its moment of weakness and desperation , I hope we can all lend them some strength , even if just a little , and help it carry on . " Chinese actor Chen Kun tweeted : "  I am not that deep and do n't play with words , I support the friends at Southern Weekly . " Others used more subtle language . "  Hoping for a spring in this harsh winter , " posted Li Bingbing , an actress with some 19 million followers on Weibo , China 's Twitter-like service . Another actress Yao Chen , who has more than 31 million followers , used a quote from Russian dissident Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn : "  One word of truth outweighs the whole world . " The street protests , although small in scale , posed a challenge to the Chinese leaders . Twenty or so years ago , the public would not have known of the controversy if the authorities had wished to cover it up . They could simply have arrested protesters as trouble makers and shut down the newspapers . Even if it were publicly known , it would have been difficult for the embattled journalists to secure public support . But with an estimated 400 million Internet users and some 200 million micro-bloggers , this protest gained traction . Some media reports suggest the authorities may have reached a compromise with the protesters -- an editor may be replaced , the Guangdong propaganda chief has been absolved of responsibility , the protesters will not be harassed , and the paper will not be shut down . Though this has still to be confirmed . Yet the fact an earlier commentary from the People 's Daily , the communist party 's official mouthpiece , was republished in Thursday 's edition may support these reports . Tucked in a small corner of the paper , it says "  it 's fundamental that the party regulates the press but its method of regulation needs to be advanced and must keep pace with the times . "	Southern Weekly was not widely available in Guangzhou where it is published The newspaper 's journalists accused officials of heavy-handed censorship Protesters gathered outside the paper 's offices this week demanding more press freedom Thursday edition reprinted People 's Daily editorial that regulation must follow times
CNN  -- Australia 's National Rugby League apologized on Tuesday for the behavior of its players after ABC 's "  Four Corners " current-affairs program revealed allegations of group sex in 2002 between players and a New Zealand woman . Two other women told the program they were sexually abused by NRL players . Former Cronulla player Matthew Johns said he was unable to say "  sorry enough " regarding the incident "  Violence against women is abhorrent , and sexual assault and the degradation of women is just that , " said David Gallop , the NRL 's chief executive . "  So much of what we saw -LSB- during Monday night 's program -RSB- was fundamentally indefensible . And if anyone in the game today is ignoring the importance of that message , then frankly they will need to find another career . " The allegations of group sex involved NRL personality Matthew Johns , who played for Cronulla at the time of the alleged incident in Christchurch , New Zealand . Watch more on the scandal " Johns was suspended indefinitely by the Nine Network on Wednesday . "  The fact is , whatever the arguments about the details of the New Zealand incident involving Cronulla players in 2002 , the conduct and its aftermath was simply unacceptable , full stop , " David Gyngell , Nine 's chief executive officer , said in a statement on the network 's Web site . "  I fully endorse David Gallop 's comments concerning the indefensible conduct of some players and the lack of respect for women -- and the critical focus on all stakeholders to help eradicate it from our game . " "  I join with him in extending my apologies and sympathy to the young woman involved in the incident , who clearly is still distressed as a consequence , " Gyngell said . In the ABC report , the then-19-year-old woman said she met Johns and his Cronulla teammate Brett Firman when she was working as a waitress . She said she went back to their hotel room , where she alleges six Cronulla players and staff had sex with her , while a half-dozen others watched . "  They were massive , like big rugby players . I felt that I just had no idea what to do . There was always hands on me , " she said . "  I thought I was worthless , and I thought I was nothing . I think I was in shock . I did n't scream . They used a lot of mental power over me and belittled me . " Less than a week after the incident , the woman made a complaint to police and about 40 Cronulla players and staff were questioned , ABC reported . Those involved said the sex was consensual and no charges were filed . The woman told ABC she 's speaking out now because she wants the wives and girlfriends of the players to know what they did . "  If I had a gun , I 'd shoot them right now , " she said . "  I hate them . They 're disgusting . " Before the ABC report , Johns addressed the allegations last week on the Nine Network . "  It was an incident that was investigated by police . It caused all parties enormous pain and embarrassment , " Johns said . "  For me personally , it 's put my family through enormous anguish and embarrassment , and has once again . And for that , I just , I ca n't say sorry enough . " In his statement , Gallop pointed to NRL initiatives put in place since 2002 to promote positive attitudes toward women , including programs developed with the help of a rape crisis center . "  Rugby League means an enormous amount to millions of people and , in many ways , the football we see today and the strength of the competition is better than it has ever been , " he said . "  No amount of on-field success , though , can take away from the need to face up to these issues . "	Allegations of group sex involved NRL personality Matthew Johns He played for Cronulla at the time of alleged incident in Christchurch , New Zealand Nine Network suspends Johns ; CEO apologizes , extends sympathy to woman Woman tells ABC she 's speaking out to let players ' wives , girlfriends know
CNN  -- At least 15 people were killed and 45 others wounded in a bombing and gunfire near Iraq 's central bank in the capital on Sunday , according to the Interior Ministry . After the initial blast , clashes broke out between security forces and armed men trying to rob the bank , the official said . There were conflicting reports about what the blast was , which hit at around 3 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  . One Interior Ministry official said at least three roadside bombs exploded outside the bank , while another official said it was a suicide bomber . The spokesman for the Baghdad military command , Maj. Gen. Qassi , al-Moussawi , told state television that it was one roadside bomb . The casualties figures offered by the Interior Ministry only include civilians and security forces . The power generator for the bank caught fire and the burning fuel caused a large black plume of smoke seen over the capital , the first Interior Ministry official said.The bank is located in central Baghdad 's Rasheed street . The bombing comes amid political uncertainty , a day before Iraq 's parliament is set to convene for it 's first session three months after national elections . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : 15 killed , 45 wounded in Baghdad blast , ensuing gunfire Blast outside of country 's central bank Clashes ongoing between security forces and bank robbers Power generator for bank caught fire
CNN  -- Justin Sylvester 's wife is pregnant . With a baby . I 'm told that 's how it works . Mind you , this is n't Justin 's first baby rodeo . This is the second child for him and Meghan . Another daughter . But it 's still a wildly exciting time . Though maybe not quite as wildly exciting as an ACTUAL baby rodeo . Reckless ? Perhaps . Quality entertainment ? Definitely . Of course , now , Justin and Meghan are at that age  both 31  where your social media feed becomes a shameless , cascading waterfall of friends ' baby photos and professional maternity shoots -- these gentle little reminders that maybe we ai n't that young anymore . Plus , the occasional Instagram update confirming , yes , your college roommate , Diane , apparently had pasta for dinner . There 's still a lot of that , too . "  OMG ! Rigatoni ! #YOLO " So , being that this is what people seem to do when there 's a bun in the oven , Justin asked Meghan if she was interested in having photos done to commemorate the pregnancy of their soon-to-be daughter , Ruby June Sylvester . Meghan said no . But Justin said yes . "  I was studying for my accounting exam and the idea popped in my head that it would be funny if I took them since she did n't want to . " He laughed about the idea for a couple of days , and finally called up his photographer friend , Kerri Lohmeier . This would be Justin 's surprise present to his wife . All he needed were some Superman underpants and maybe a pair of Meghan 's Lululemon shorts to achieve the "  full maternity effect . " Plus a few other odds and ends . You know . Props . Lohmeier recalls getting the photo shoot request . "  It was very unusual , " she says . "  It 's never happened . " But , as a true , seasoned professional , she embraced the weirdness , and promptly gathered the aforementioned props . Ice cream and pickles . I do n't know much about being pregnant , but I suppose it somehow makes women eat like Jerry Garcia . To be fair , it actually sounds quite nice . Of course , in reality , pregnancy is a grind . And in some very minor way , Justin got a little taste of what it 's like . "  By the end of the shoot , my stomach hurt , and my lower back hurt . I feel as if I had a brief glimpse into the sacrifice that women make on their bodies when they become pregnant . " Granted , he was doing a lot of pushing to get that gut out . Despite gaining 15 pounds of "  sympathy weight " since injuring his shoulder doing CrossFit , Justin swears his belly 's not really that big . But there 's a fair amount of Abita Strawberry Harvest Lager and Austin 's Pizza that says otherwise . Naturally , everyone got a kick out of Justin 's photos . And , by this point , it might literally be EVERYONE . Reality kicked in when a friend called him to say he had just seen the photos on the website for Cosmopolitan . Yes , things move pretty fast when you make little hand hearts over your belly . And you 're a dude . Still , Meghan is his No. 1 fan . And his dad is right up there , too , having left him a fatherly voice mail that said , "  You are crazy , boy . The world could use a little laughter right now . " And trust me . The world is laughing . I mean -- that belly . It 's beautiful . Speaking of which , Justin says his favorite photo is the one where he 's kissing his stomach -- that it was the perfect amount of funny and creepy . And the one he 's most embarrassed by ? That would be the black and white one where he 's on the bed . He told me , "  It looks so real . " Justin says the hardest part was actually keeping a straight face . But , he managed , and it 's all been worth it . Maybe even REALLY worth it . He says , "  I have publishers calling me for book ideas , people wanting to buy my photos . " But , truthfully , there 's just one thing he wants . "  I 'm still holding out for an ice cream sponsorship ! " That , or pickles . Follow @JarrettBellini on Twitter . See more content with questionable news value at CNN Comedy .	Justin Sylvester had maternity photos taken of himself All the images depict him doing stereotypical maternity photo poses Shortly after he put them online , his photos went viral
CNN  -- As the powerhouses of the rugby world continue to battle over the Web Ellis trophy in the knockout stages of the World Cup , some of the sport 's less-fancied teams are making their way home after a valiant , if unsuccessful , fight in the group stages . Since the tournament began in 1987 , only four nations have walked away as world champions : New Zealand , South Africa , Australia and England . Canada 's Canucks , Georgia 's Lelos or the U.S. Eagles were never the bookmakers ' favorites to win the Cup and for obvious reasons . These emerging nations do not compete anywhere near as regularly as the elite sides and , along with tactical and experience deficiencies , face a daunting challenge to emerge from the bruising challenge of the pool matches in the world 's most prestigious event . But these teams do have heart and motivation and -- perhaps most of all -- they have the joy and passion of national pride . Whether or not they walk away with wins , it 's being there , representing their nations and improving the standard of rugby within their countries , that matters most for them . "  When that flag is waving and the anthem plays before the game , if that does n't get you going , you need to see a cardiologist , " former Eagles player and coach Jack Clark told CNN . "  It 's just one of those moments where you feel not only a lot of responsibility , but you feel really privileged to have that responsibility . " Lelos making strides Georgia did not make an appearance in the Rugby World Cup until 2003 , but the they became an overnight sensation during that year 's tournament with their passionate play , despite not actually winning a match . The Lelos , named after an indigenous Georgian sport similar to rugby , also qualified for the 2007 finals and nearly caused a sensation by coming within a whisker of beating established nation Ireland . Just 11 days later , they beat Namibia 30-0 to record their first World Cup success . For a nation that considers rugby to be a minority sport , Georgia are supported by an intensely loyal fan base and host a number of players who regularly compete in France , adding to their level of conditioning . "  The strength of our team is in our physicality , " media manager Lasha Khurtsidze told CNN . "  We always have very good forwards and our scrum is considered to be in the top five in the world . Our players have a very strong sense of pride and courage . They play like they are on a battlefield protecting their country . " Georgia qualified for this year 's tournament after defeating Russia 36-8 and winning the European Nations Cup in 2010 . "  We are determined to show the world that we are not underdogs , " Khurtsidze added . "  We want to prove that we deserve a place among the elite teams . We aim more at playing with dignity rather than winning , however , to win one or two matches is very important because expectations are very high here in Georgia . " In this year 's tournament , Georgia narrowly lost to Scotland , England and Argentina , but beat Romania 25-7 . "  I think Georgia surpassed expectations in this year 's World Cup , " Alex Payne , a Sky Sports broadcaster who regularly covers rugby , told CNN . "  I would have expected them to have lost more heavily to Scotland , England and Argentina , given those teams would have been very aware of what Georgia are capable of . Georgia were not taken lightly by any of those teams , and yet still , the margins of victory were more than respectable for a side that does n't get that much competitive play . "  Georgia have come a long way in a short state of time , " Payne added . "  If they can add a bit more creativity and flair behind what they 've got up front , then they will push forward . " Eye on the Eagles The U.S. Eagles have participated in each World Cup since 1987  except 1995 , when they did not qualify  , but going into this year 's Cup , they had only ever won only two matches , both against Japan . Although they are a national team , the Eagles are not considered part of the professional game . The U.S. players were exposed to rugby in high school or college and many are former American football players . "  These are regular people with normal jobs who have learned to challenge themselves outside the usual lifestyle , " Julie McCoy , coach of the USA sevens side , told CNN . "  The majority of those players have come through the high school and college All-American system over the last 10 years . They finally have a pathway . It 's not just a bunch of guys saying ` Hey , who wants to go represent the U.S. in the World Cup ? ' That was the mechanism 10 years ago . " While other countries were holding training camps in July , the Eagles were unable to practice as a team , according to head coach Eddie O'Sullivan . When the players do get together , they have to make up for lost time in addition to preparing for a global tournament . "  It 's a pretty meager existence , but we make those sacrifices so we can get our proper training and conditioning in , " Eagles center Paul Emerick told CNN . "  It 's a testament to the guys who are dedicated . Everyone wants to be here and put their time in . " The main core of the current U.S. squad played together in the 2007 tournament , and the players have managed to maintain a tight chemistry . That , combined with the pride they take in representing their country on a world stage , provides Team USA with its greatest strengths . "  The ultimate thing you want to do is represent your country , " Eagles lock Scot LaValla told CNN . "  That 's the dream , the goal , the end result if you 're really committed to your sport . One of the things I 'm constantly impressed with is the chemistry on the team . Physically you have a team here who is strong as any other team , but our commitment to each other is an asset . " The Eagles fell to Ireland and Italy , and were thrashed 67-5 by Australia . However , they achieved an important goal by defeating Russia 13-6 , a result that saw them finish fourth in Pool C , ahead of the Russians . "  I would expect that they wanted to beat Russia by more , " Payne said . "  The disappointing thing for them will be the hammering at the hands of Australia . That is the kind of gap they will want to close in the future . They will be disappointed not to have made more of a statement at the Cup , but they showed that they 've got some really talented players . " Canucks still improving Canada have appeared in every World Cup since 1987 and have already qualified for the 2015 tournament . in England . Going into this year 's tournament , the Canucks were the top qualifying Americas team and have continued to improve in rank throughout the year . But they have only made it past the pool phase once , in 1991 , where they were knocked out in the quarterfinals by New Zealand . Canada entered this years tournament in good stead with victories over the U.S. and maintained that form with a 25-20 success over Tonga . Defeat against France followed , before a tense 23-23 draw against Japan . Former Canadian international Gareth Rees told CNN : "  They 've been really honest and hardworking in this tournament despite not everything being perfect . In terms of their attitude and setting up for the next four years , it 's been an outstanding World Cup . " Canada were thrashed 79-15 by host nation and tournament favorites New Zealand in their final match and Rees believes if the Canucks want to improve on the international stage , they need to re-evaluate their structure , beginning with a bigger pool of players to choose from . "  The biggest issue is we have is to be playing at a higher intensity , " he said . "  We need more regular games at a higher level , so when we get to the pool games , the intensity and the mental preparation is n't quite as much of a shock to the system . "  I 'd like to see us knocking on the door , like when Tonga upset France . I 'd like it if Canada could be that team upsetting other teams -- I think we can get up there to being at the top of the Tier 2 nations . "	Canada , Georgia and the U.S. are emerging as leading contenders in world rugby Georgia are building on their reputation for being competitive and physical The U.S. Eagles are a tight cohesive outfit that display deep national pride
CNN  -- The work in Washington state communities shattered by a landslide in late March has turned its focus from searching for missing bodies to a rebuilding operation , a spokeswoman for the Snohomish County Sheriff 's Department said Monday . Forty-one people have been confirmed dead and identified . Two people remain missing , but "  essentially the active search has ended , " Shari Ireton told CNN . A rain-saturated hillside along the Stillaguamish River gave way on the outskirts of the rural town of Oso on March 22 . Search crews had been digging through deep mud and debris , which is 70 feet thick in some places , to search for the missing . "  We are looking at recovery and rebuilding , " Ireton said , referring to clearing and repairing roads damaged or covered by the slide . Steven Hadaway and Kris Regelbrugge were never found . Frank Hadaway told CNN affiliate KCPQ that he has peace even though his brother 's body may never be found . One resident , who found his sister 's body in her car two weeks ago , said the search needs to continue . "  There 's a lot of people that want to keep going , " Dayn Brunner told KCPQ . "  And there 's a lot of people that will even do it for free . We just want everybody out . " The search is not entirely over as some workers "  will still be monitoring for possible victim 's remains , " Ireton said .	It has been 38 days since a rain-saturated hillside in Washington gave way Officials have located , identified 41 bodies One resident says locals want the search for the remaining two missing to continue
CNN  -- Drew Magary is an angry guy -- or at least he plays one on the Internet . The Deadspin , Gawker and GQ contributor and sci-fi author has amassed a large , rabid fan base for his sharp , smart , acidic rants on subjects ranging from the coaching abilities of Bill Belichick and the uselessness of scab referees to his hatred of scarves and the punchability of Justin Bieber 's face . He 's got opinions . But all that ire and energy were of little use as Magary and his wife watched their prematurely born child cling to life in a neonatal intensive care unit as a result of a condition known as intestinal malrotation . Luckily , the youngest Magary survived , and the ordeal inspired the father of three to share his parenting experiences in a new memoir , "  Someone Could Get Hurt . " CNN spoke with Magary about the peaks and pitfalls of being a dad in an often dangerous world . An edited transcript is below : CNN : There are a lot of dad stereotypes out there , from doofus to "  Father Knows Best . " Do they have any impact on you ? Drew Magary : They suck . Dad is clueless , bumbling and useless , or he 's a hippie who 's trying to breast-feed his kid . That can dictate behavior that you think you 're expected to live up to . CNN : Fear is a prevalent theme in the book . What 's the difference in the fear you felt before and after you had your kids ? Magary : Every guy thinks , "  The kid is here , life 's not going to be fun anymore . " There 's a dread of not having the world revolve around you . I 'm over that , and I 'm more than happy to be a lameass who goes to bed by 9 every night . Once you have kids , you have all kinds of other fears : the kid getting hurt , or worse . You fear that everyone is watching you fail -- that there will not be another human being at the playground who is a worse parent than you are . It 's all very self-inflicted and self-involved . I get too concerned with looking like I 'm doing a good job rather than parenting well . You have to get past that layer of self-analysis , and that 's very hard in this day and age . CNN : How do you think the Internet has affected how people parent ? Magary : Your mistakes , admissions and fears are much more public . In that way , it 's very good because there 's more information for you to draw on and parents to commiserate with . It 's really important for parents to have an outlet . Every time I 've gotten advice on parenting , it might not have worked , but at least I felt more secure , not completely helpless . The downside is that people are d **** . On certain mom forums , people are very supportive -- you present a problem and people will rush in with answers . But then there 's a news story about a mom giving her kid a vegan diet , and it 's 300 comments about "  You 're a horrible person . " It 's all amplified : The judgment and the support are more out in the open . CNN : What did your own dad teach you about fatherhood ? Magary : He 's a good dad , but he 's a different kind of dad . I always expect things to work out for me the same way they worked out for him . When I 'm not as effective as he was , I get really pissed off and frustrated , and I feel like I 'm failing him . CNN : Are you having parenting discussions with your friends who are fathers ? Magary : No . When moms get together , they 'll talk shop a lot . Guys just would rather talk about anything else -- sports or something . There really is n't as much help or sounding boards for dads . There 's no one who is like , "  Hey , come here , I 'll help out . " Guys wo n't sit down and open a handbook ; you get it all from the mom . She 'll read something or make you read it  and you read half of it  . The other useful person is the pediatrician . Still , you can ask if your kid is barfing too much , but you ca n't really ask , "  How do I get my kid to listen ? " Modern fathers face new expectations CNN : In the book , you shared a story of getting so frustrated with your daughter , you worried about what you might do . What did you take away from that ? Magary : I reacted poorly . You feel so awful for being angry at your kid , and you can see the precipice that you 're on . Down one avenue there 's a nice relationship where you 're mutually respectful of each other , and down the other is abuse or just antagonism all day long . It 's terrifying to see that and visualize a future where the fighting never ends . I 'm getting better at it . CNN : Is it hard to let your kids have free rein to screw up ? Magary : I was allowed to go outside unsupervised when I was 8 or 9 and explore the way you 're supposed  to  . It 's good parenting to let kids figure out things on their own . But it 's more difficult now because the world is more dangerous . The Internet has lots of terrible s *** on it . My neighborhood does n't have sidewalks , so it 's not amenable to walking . There 's Lyme disease in the backyard . It 's not the safe meadow it used to be , so that makes it a little bit of push and pull . CNN : You 're known in your writing for having very strong opinions about how things should be . Do you set that perfectionism aside at home ? Magary : I do a pretty good job in real life about not having huge expectations of my kids going to X school , having X job or making X amount of money . That 's very old-fashioned , and it 's going away . The things kids say and do are unlike anything you 'd think of , and that 's the fun of being a parent . When it 's not fun is when they 're acting in a way that presents a problem you do n't know how to solve . They 're screaming their heads off for three hours , and you have this fear that they 'll keep screaming forever . You 're trying to get your kid to the bus stop , and really , they do n't have to go if they do n't want to . What are you gon na do about it ? That 's a terrifying thing to realize -- that only they have the control over what they 're going to do , and you just have to try to guide them in the right direction . That 's the difference between being a good parent and a helicopter parent . CNN : How do you pick yourself back up from a bad parenting day ? Magary : I have a glass of wine and go to bed . When my wife and I know the day is going badly , we 'll just cut our losses , go to bed at 8 and wake up with a fresh slate . It usually works . You do n't usually get two bad days in a row . Of course , all the parents of teenagers tell me it gets worse . They all look shellshocked ; it 's terrible . CNN : When you were a teenager , did you think that manhood included being a dad ? Magary : No , I was like any other guy , "  I 'll get married when I 'm 50 and I 'm gon na make movies and snort cocaine . ... " All guys are like that , and then they undoucheify . A lot of what we do at Deadspin is debunking the bro thing . Men should get more credit than that . When guys write to me , they have fears and hopes and imaginations . They 're a lot more interesting psychologically than just being douche bags who want to go clubbing . CNN : Did you have a moment when you saw that transformation in yourself ? Magary : Probably when my third kid almost died . I was more grateful for existence -- I was n't quite the cynical ass I 'd always been , and that 's permanently the case now . CNN : What did facing that teach you about the kind of man and father you want to be ? Magary : You can have kids and not fundamentally change -- you just get to do more stuff . People say they change your life , but you 're still pretty much the same person , but walking around grumpy because you do n't get any sleep . I 'll still get frustrated with my kid when he 's crying his ass off , but I 'm happy he 's here . I have a fundamental understanding of how ridiculous it is to be annoyed at him -- because I 'm happy he 's not dead . I tell my kids I love them every day . I hug them and kiss them and all that , probably more than they want . I 'm not the stoic dad , where you 're fighting for 50 years to hear your dad say , "  I love you " once . CNN : What advice would you give to a first-time dad ? Magary : Know when to walk away . Not from parenting , of course , but from meltdowns and conflicts . It 's not worth it . Follow Kat Kinsman on Twitter and Google Plus and CNN Living on Facebook .	Drew Magary is known for his rants as a contributor for Deadspin and GQ Magary has written a parenthood memoir called "  Someone Could Get Hurt " He says he 's matured and calmed down in the course of becoming a father
Editor 's note : Andrew J. Imparato is chief executive of the American Association of People with Disabilities  AAPD  , a national nonprofit , nonpartisan membership organization of people with disabilities , their family members and supporters that was founded in 1995 . Andrew J. Imparato says Kennedy 's family experience helped drive his commitment to disability rights . CNN  -- The disability rights movement has lost a giant in our global struggle for equal opportunity , human dignity and self-determination . Sen. Ted Kennedy 's leadership as a disability champion was part of a broader commitment to civil and human rights . But his accomplishments in the area of disability law and policy may prove to be his greatest and most long-lasting success as a legislator . Senator Kennedy 's commitment to the cause of disability rights was informed by his experience as the brother of Rosemary , who was born with an intellectual disability ; and the brother of Eunice , who devoted her life to improving the world 's treatment of people with intellectual disabilities . It was deepened when his son Ted Jr. had his leg amputated at age 12 after being diagnosed with bone cancer ; and deepened again when his son Patrick experienced bipolar disorder and substance abuse as an adult . Senator Kennedy understood disability as a human issue because he had a front-row seat from which to witness society 's all-too-often callous and bigoted treatment of children and adults with disabilities . In his heart of hearts , Senator Kennedy understood that America was at its best when it expanded opportunities for people with all types of disabilities , for women , for immigrants , for racial and ethnic minorities , for lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgendered people , for infants and children and for seniors . He was able to couple this understanding and commitment with a knack for finding Republican and moderate Democrat partners and working out legislation that could pass with enormous bipartisan support . When the Americans with Disabilities Act  ADA  passed in 1990 , the vote in the Senate was 91-6 . That vote was the product of hours of cajoling and negotiating between Senator Kennedy , his Democratic allies Tom Harkin and Steny Hoyer , the George H.W. Bush White House , Senators Bob Dole and Orrin Hatch , and others . The ADA was a once-in-a-lifetime piece of civil rights legislation . Thanks to the ADA , the U.S. demonstrated to the world that it was possible to mandate that buses , telecommunications , buildings and schools be accessible . Our country showed the world that it is possible to outlaw discrimination in employment against people with disabilities without harming businesses . The example of the ADA helped more than 70 foreign countries pass similar legislation , and laid the foundation for the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities , which is driving even more change globally as the 65 countries who have signed and ratified the convention seek to pass implementing legislation . Senator Kennedy 's legacy extends from the ADA to so many other critical bills : the Family and Medical Leave Act , the Fair Housing Act Amendments of 1988 , which added disability to the group of protected classes under that critical law ; the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act , which outlaws discrimination and guarantees a free appropriate public education to all children with disabilities ; the Family Opportunity Act , which gives parents of disabled children the ability to purchase Medicaid coverage for their children even if they were not low-income ; the Help America Vote Act , which requires every polling place to have a machine where disabled people could vote privately and independently ; and the more recent Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act and mental health parity legislation . As an attorney with bipolar disorder who graduated from law school in 1990 , I am one of a generation of professionals who have developed our careers in the wake of the ADA and other critical laws that protect our right to equal opportunity and fairness . I have personally benefited from Senator Kennedy 's leadership . I have had the privilege of working closely with his extraordinary sons Ted and Patrick and with his top notch staff . I can not imagine a more effective champion for disability rights , for civil rights , for health care , for basic human decency , than Edward M. Kennedy . His legacy will be felt by more than 600 million children and adults with disabilities around the world for generations to come . We have lost a champion , and we must all work harder to continue to make progress toward his compelling vision of a world where all people have value , all people have dignity , and all people can participate as equals in the lives of their communities . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew J. Imparato .	Andrew Imparato : Kennedy 's family helped spark interest in disability rights He says Kennedy 's involvement in pushing the ADA legislation was key He says the ADA has helped create a global movement for rights Imparato : His legacy will be felt by 600 million people with disabilities
CNN  -- Inter Milan cruised into the final of the Club World Cup after beating Asian champions Seongnam Ilhwa 3-0 in Abu Dhabi . The European champions , who have struggled to replicate last year 's form , when they claimed the Champions League , Italian Serie A title and Italian Cup , will now face African champions TP Mazembe in Saturday 's showpiece after this comfortable victory . Despite the setback of playmaker Wesley Sneijder limping off injured early in the match , Inter were always in control and took the lead in just the third minute when Dejan Stankovic coolly slotted the ball home from the edge of the area . And that advantage was doubled in the 32nd minute when same superb interplay between Argentine duo Javier Zanetti and Diego Milito resulted in captain Zanetti sliding the ball past Seongnam goalkeeper Jung Sung-Ryong . The victory was sealed 17 minutes from time when Milito , making his return to action after five weeks on the sidelines , stabbed home a rebound after Samuel Eto'o 's shot was parried by Jung . Meanwhile , the fifth-place play-off was won by Mexican side Pachuca , who rallied from going two goals behind to defeat local side Al-Wahda on penalties , after the match finished 2-2 . A late double from Dario Cvitanich sent the match into extra time , where no further goals were scored . That left the lottery of the shoot-out and it was the Mexican side who prevailed , winning 4-2 on penalties .	European champions Inter Milan cruise into the final of the Club World Cup Inter defeat Asian champions Seongnam Ilhwa 3-0 in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday They will now play African champions TP Mazembe in Saturday 's showpiece
CNN  -- Allison Janney doubled down at the 2014 Critics ' Choice Television Awards . The actress was the only performer to score two wins , one for guest performer on Showtime 's "  Masters of Sex " and in a tie for supporting comedy actress for CBS ' "  Mom , " which she shared with Kate Mulgrew from Netflix 's "  Orange Is the New Black . " The fourth annual ceremony was held Thursday at the Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , and honored the best in television . With five wins , FX was the most awarded network , followed by HBO , which had four . FX 's "  Fargo " and Netflix 's "  Orange Is the New Black " tied as most honored series , with three wins each . The following is a list of all the winners as posted on the Critics ' Choice site : BEST DRAMA SERIES "  Breaking Bad "  AMC   Winner "  The Americans "  FX "  Game of Thrones "  HBO "  The Good Wife "  CBS "  Masters of Sex "  Showtime "  True Detective "  HBO BEST ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES Matthew McConaughey , "  True Detective "  HBO   Winner Bryan Cranston , "  Breaking Bad "  AMC Hugh Dancy , "  Hannibal "  NBC Freddie Highmore , "  Bates Motel "  A&E Matthew Rhys , "  The Americans "  FX Michael Sheen , "  Masters of Sex "  Showtime BEST ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES Tatiana Maslany , "  Orphan Black "  BBC America   Winner Lizzy Caplan , "  Masters of Sex "  Showtime Vera Farmiga , "  Bates Motel "  A&E Julianna Margulies , "  The Good Wife "  CBS Keri Russell , "  The Americans "  FX Robin Wright , "  House of Cards "  Netflix BEST COMEDY SERIES "  Orange Is the New Black "  Netflix   Winner "  The Big Bang Theory "  CBS "  Broad City "  Comedy Central "  Louie "  FX "  Silicon Valley "  HBO "  Veep "  HBO BEST ACTRESS IN A COMEDY SERIES Julia Louis-Dreyfus , "  Veep "  HBO   Winner Ilana Glazer , "  Broad City "  Comedy Central Wendi McLendon-Covey , "  The Goldbergs "  ABC Amy Schumer , "  Inside Amy Schumer "  Comedy Central Amy Poehler , "  Parks and Recreation "  NBC Emmy Rossum , "  Shameless "  Showtime BEST ACTOR IN A COMEDY SERIES Jim Parsons , "  The Big Bang Theory "  CBS   Winner Louis CK , "  Louie "  FX Chris Messina , "  The Mindy Project "  Fox Thomas Middleditch , "  Silicon Valley "  HBO Adam Scott , "  Parks and Recreation "  NBC Robin Williams , "  The Crazy Ones "  CBS BEST MOVIE "  The Normal Heart "  HBO   Winner "  An Adventure in Space and Time "  BBC America "  Burton and Taylor "  BBC America "  Killing Kennedy "  National Geographic Channel "  Sherlock : His Last Vow "  PBS "  The Trip to Bountiful "  Lifetime BEST MINISERIES "  Fargo "  FX   Winner "  American Horror Story : Coven "  FX "  Bonnie & Clyde "  A&E / History/Lifetime "  Dancing on the Edge "  Starz "  The Hollow Crown "  PBS "  Luther "  BBC America BEST ACTRESS IN A MOVIE OR MINISERIES Jessica Lange , "  American Horror Story : Coven "  FX   Winner Helena Bonham Carter , "  Burton and Taylor "  BBC America Minnie Driver , "  Return to Zero "  Lifetime Whoopi Goldberg , "  A Day Late and a Dollar Short "  Lifetime Holliday Grainger , "  Bonnie & Clyde "  A&E / History/Lifetime Cicely Tyson , "  The Trip to Bountiful "  Lifetime BEST ACTOR IN A MOVIE OR MINISERIES Billy Bob Thornton , "  Fargo "  FX   Winner David Bradley , "  An Adventure in Space and Time "  BBC America Benedict Cumberbatch , "  Sherlock : His Last Vow "  PBS Chiwetel Ejiofor , "  Dancing on the Edge "  Starz Martin Freeman , "  Fargo "  FX Mark Ruffalo , "  The Normal Heart "  HBO BEST ANIMATED SERIES "  Archer "  FX   Winner "  Bob 's Burgers "  Fox "  The Simpsons "  Fox "  Family Guy "  Fox "  Phineas and Ferb "  Disney XD "  Adventure Time "  Cartoon Network BEST REALITY SERIES -- COMPETITION "  Shark Tank "  ABC   Winner "  The Amazing Race "  CBS "  Project Runway "  Lifetime "  Survivor "  CBS "  Top Chef "  Bravo "  The Voice "  NBC BEST REALITY SERIES "  Cosmos : A Spacetime Odyssey "  Fox/National Geographic Channel   Winner "  Deadliest Catch "  Discovery "  Duck Dynasty "  A&E "  Mythbusters "  Discovery "  Top Gear "  BBC America "  Undercover Boss "  CBS BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A COMEDY SERIES Allison Janney , "  Mom "  CBS   Tie Kate Mulgrew , "  Orange Is the New Black "  Netflix   Tie Mayim Bialik , The Big Bang Theory  CBS Laverne Cox , "  Orange Is the New Black "  Netflix Kaley Cuoco , "  The Big Bang Theory "  CBS Merritt Wever , "  Nurse Jackie "  Showtime BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A COMEDY SERIES Andre Braugher , "  Brooklyn Nine-Nine "  Fox   Winner Keith David , "  Enlisted "  Fox Tony Hale , "  Veep "  HBO Albert Tsai , "  Trophy Wife "  ABC Christopher Evan Welch , "  Silicon Valley "  HBO Jeremy Allen White , "  Shameless "  Showtime BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A MOVIE OR MINISERIES Allison Tolman , "  Fargo "  FX   Winner Amanda Abbington , "  Sherlock : His Last Vow "  PBS Kathy Bates , "  American Horror Story : Coven "  FX Ellen Burstyn , "  Flowers in the Attic "  Lifetime Jessica Raine , "  An Adventure in Space and Time "  BBC America Julia Roberts , "  The Normal Heart "  HBO BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A MOVIE OR MINISERIES Matt Bomer , "  The Normal Heart "  HBO   Winner Warren Brown , "  Luther "  BBC America Martin Freeman , "  Sherlock : His Last Vow "  PBS Colin Hanks , "  Fargo "  FX Joe Mantello , "  The Normal Heart "  HBO Blair Underwood , "  The Trip to Bountiful "  Lifetime BEST GUEST PERFORMER IN A DRAMA SERIES Allison Janney , "  Masters of Sex "  Showtime   Winner Beau Bridges , "  Masters of Sex "  Showtime Walton Goggins , "  Sons of Anarchy "  FX Joe Morton , "  Scandal "  ABC Carrie Preston , "  The Good Wife "  CBS Diana Rigg , "  Game of Thrones "  HBO BEST GUEST PERFORMER IN A COMEDY SERIES Uzo Aduba , "  Orange Is the New Black "  Netflix   Winner Sarah Baker , "  Louie "  FX James Earl Jones , "  The Big Bang Theory "  CBS Mimi Kennedy , "  Mom "  CBS Andrew Rannells , "  Girls "  HBO Lauren Weedman , "  Looking "  HBO BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES Aaron Paul , "  Breaking Bad "  AMC   Winner Josh Charles , "  The Good Wife "  CBS Walton Goggins , Justified  FX Peter Sarsgaard , "  The Killing "  AMC Jon Voight , "  Ray Donovan "  Showtime Jeffrey Wright , "  Boardwalk Empire "  HBO BEST SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES Bellamy Young , "  Scandal "  ABC   Winner Christine Baranski , "  The Good Wife "  CBS Anna Gunn , "  Breaking Bad "  AMC Annet Mahendru , "  The Americans "  FX Melissa McBride , "  The Walking Dead "  AMC Maggie Siff , "  Sons of Anarchy "  FX BEST REALITY HOST Neil deGrasse Tyson , "  Cosmos : A Spacetime Odyssey "  Fox/National Geographic Channel   Winner Tom Bergeron , "  Dancing With the Stars "  ABC Carson Daly , "  The Voice "  NBC Cat Deeley , "  So You Think You Can Dance "  Fox Gordon Ramsay , "  MasterChef "  Fox RuPaul , "  RuPaul 's Drag Race "  Logo BEST TALK SHOW "  The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon "  NBC   Winner "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! "  ABC "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show "  Time Telepictures "  The Daily Show With Jon Stewart "  Comedy Central "  The Colbert Report "  Comedy Central "  Conan "  TBS	Allison Janney wins two awards at Critics ' Choice Television Awards FX is most awarded network , followed by HBO "  Fargo " named best miniseries
LINCOLN , Nebraska  CNN  -- Sherry Pierce , who works at a fast food restaurant that does n't offer health insurance , needs a dentist to look at three broken teeth that may be abscessed . Dr. Shawn Semin examines Gotti Water , 6 , at Clinic with a Heart . Gotti had ringworm . Diabetic Shane Stender says his poor health cost him his job as a pizza cook and now he ca n't afford supplies to monitor his blood sugar . Home health aide Nina Forst wants a doctor to check out a rash on her son Gotti 's head . Pierce , Stender and Gotti were among 52 patients who arrived one evening this week at Clinic with a Heart in Lincoln , Nebraska . The weekly clinic offers free care to those falling through the cracks of the health care system , says Dr. Rob Rhodes , a family physician who is president and founder of the clinic . In these tough economic times , business is booming . The clinic expects to see more than 2,000 patients this year , up from 1,400 last year , according to Rhodes . "  The economy has definitely affected the number of patients that we see , " he says . "  We have a large group , and it 's growing , of those that are uninsured or choose not to choose an insurance plan or ca n't afford to sign up a family of four . " The frenetic Tuesday night clinic , staffed by volunteer doctors , nurses and others from the community , offers free medical , dental , chiropractic , optometry and mental health services in offices borrowed from a local charity on the edge of this Midwestern city of 240,000 . Watch more on Clinic with a Heart " Often , patients will try to see more than one type of doctor while they 're there . Patients who need to see a specialist are referred to a network of participating doctors in Lincoln , assigned on a rotating basis , who charge at or below Medicaid costs . Those who need primary care doctors are referred to The People 's Health Center , a federally funded , non-profit community health center that charges a sliding fee scale . Rhodes says his clinic is designed to serve only as a stopgap . Patients are limited to three visits a year . "  When patients come to see us , they do n't know where to go for health care coverage , " Rhodes says . "  Maybe they ca n't afford to see the doctor they used to see , and they 're looking for help . They 're looking for direction , and we try to provide them with an entry point for the health care system . " Pierce learned she needed three teeth removed . She scheduled a visit the following morning at the University of Nebraska College of Dentistry , which would extract them for free . "  No health insurance makes it hard , " says Pierce . If it was n't for Clinic with a Heart Pierce says she would have left her teeth untreated because she ca n't afford a hospital bill . "  I thank the Lord for this place here because they 're a blessing . " A blood test at the clinic showed Stender 's blood sugar was 419 , almost three times what it should be . "  I 'm a chronic diabetic . Insulin dependent . Unemployed . Ca n't afford my supplies , " says Stender . The clinic gave Stender a prescription for insulin and a device to measure his blood sugar , picking up the tab for both . They also scheduled Stender for follow-up with a primary care doctor in Lincoln . "  Had he not had any medical care here tonight , he probably would have ended up in the emergency department or in the hospital in the next several days , " says Dr. Nicole Anderson , a hospitalist who volunteers as the clinic 's medical director . A volunteer doctor diagnosed ringworm , a fungal infection , in Forst 's son Gotti , 6 . He gave Forst a prescription she could fill at no charge . "  It was great . We got in and out . We were n't here very long , and we got a prescription , " Forst said . Rhodes got the idea for Clinic with a Heart after going on a medical mission trip with his church to Reynosa , Mexico , in 2002 . "  I thought , my gosh if we can do that , there 's got to be some way we can provide care to those people back in Lincoln , Nebraska , in our back yard , that are falling between the cracks . " A national survey shows Americans are struggling to pay for health care amid other financial woes . In March , 28.7 percent of those surveyed said a member of the household deferred medical care in the previous 30 days , up from 23.7 percent a month earlier , according to the monthly National Research Corporation Ticker survey . Asked why , 33 percent said they were unable to pay ; 26.8 percent said they had no insurance and 15.1 percent said the treatment was not covered by their health plan , according to the monthly survey of 25,000 households nationwide . In Lincoln , Clinic with a Heart is thriving , Rhodes says , but he wishes it were n't . He says he 'd love to be put out of business .	Free clinic offers care to those falling through the cracks of the health care system Clinic expects to see more than 2,000 patients this year , up from 1,400 last year Founder : Clinic is "  entry point for the health care system "
CNN  -- Even by Bubba Watson 's unpredictable standards , his decision to pull out of this month 's Players Championship to spend more time with his family is an unusual one . The Masters champion revealed he is skipping one of golf 's biggest tournaments -- often referred to as the fifth major , with $ 9.5 million total prize money -- to spend quality time with wife Angie and their recently adopted two-month-old son . "  I 've decided to pull out of the Players . I need to spend more time with Caleb and Angie , plan to take at least a month off . The Players is one of the best weeks of the year but bonding with my son and wife is what it is all about right now , " he wrote on Twitter . "  Sorry to disappoint fans but the Players has one of the best fields all year , tourney is more than fine without me , " Watson said in another tweet . It seems the prestigious PGA Tour event -- boasting a whopping $ 1.7 million prize for its winner -- was n't enough to tear Bubba away from baby . "  I feel blessed and excited that I get to spend quality time with Caleb and Angie in the next few weeks . I am lucky to play golf for a living , it allows me to pick my own schedule , " he tweeted . Wells Fargo Championship leaderboard The 33-year-old , who earned the nickname "  Wacky Watson " for his oddball home videos on YouTube , will miss the Players for the first time since his debut in 2007 . The American has missed the cut in three out of five trips to TPC Sawgrass , and recorded his best finish back in 2009 when he tied for 37th . Watson 's decision has been backed by the U.S. circuit 's governing body . "  We respect Bubba 's decision in light of the unique and life-changing circumstances of the past month , " said PGA Tour executive vice-president of communications Ty Votaw . "  His focus on his family is admirable , as was his decision to honor his commitment to the Zurich Classic of New Orleans as defending champion . We look forward to having him back on the tour soon . " Watson admitted ahead of last month 's Zurich Classic that he 'd rather be at home than defending his New Orleans title . It has been his only tournament since winning the Masters with a miraculous shot from the woods and onto the green in a playoff against South Africa 's Louis Oosthuizen . Fresh from the media whirlwind that surrounded him since winning his first major at Augusta , Bubba failed to live up to the hype , finishing 18th at TPC Louisiana . He decided to miss this week 's $ 6.5 million Wells Fargo Championship in North Carolina , where some of golf 's biggest names returned to action on Thursday . Former world No. 1 Tiger Woods was tied for 56th after the opening round , having shot one-under-par 71 . The American , who won the tournament in 2001 , was six shots off the lead shared by his playing partner Webb Simpson . Ryan Moore and Stewart Cink also carded seven-under 65 to be a shot ahead of a group of five players . World No. 2 Rory McIlroy 's tactic of taking a long holiday before the tournament did not yield immediate results . The Northern Irishman , who will defend his U.S. Open title next month , finished the opening day at Quail Hollow equal 39th after a 70 . Four-time major champion Phil Mickelson recovered from an early triple bogey to join Woods on 71 .	Bubba Watson pulls out of Players Championship to spend more time with young family Masters champion will take a month off to concentrate on wife Angie and adopted son Caleb The 33-year-old could n't be swayed by tournament 's $ 9.5 million prize purse He also skips this week 's Quail Hollow event , where Webb Simpson leads after day one
OXFORD , England  CNN  -- You might expect Oxford and Cambridge universities to ask prospective students to compare the works of Chaucer to Boccaccio or to explain the theory of relativity . Cambridge students may have to field questions in the application process that would baffle some observers . Instead , Oxford wants to know : "  Would you rather be a novel or a poem ? " Cambridge asks applicants : "  What would you do if you were a magpie ? " The idea , say administrators at the two ultra-prestigious schools in England , is to see how well prospective students can think , not just how much they know . "  What we 're trying to do is move students out of their comfort zone , " said Mike Nicholson , Oxford University admissions director . "  Many students will have a body of knowledge , and they may be expected to be trusted on that in the interview . What we want to do is take them beyond that point and get them to start thinking for themselves . " See examples of the application questions " In the United Kingdom , 90 percent of students are educated at state schools . But 53 percent of Oxford University 's students come from state schools . That seems to indicate that wealthier students who can afford private schools have an advantage . Tutoring company Oxbridge Applications -- founded by Oxford graduates in 1999 -- says 68 percent of the 35,000 clients it has helped are state-funded students . It costs $ 300 for a day of mock interviews or $ 1,500 for a full weekend course . Oxbridge says 47 percent of its clients get into one of the elite colleges . The overall success rate for all applicants to the two schools -- commonly referred to as Oxbridge -- is 24 percent , the tutoring company says . "  At Oxbridge Applications , we have a network of 500 former tutors and former admissions tutors as well , " said company founder James Uffindell . "  And we take the people that have been there and done it and help supply that information back to the people that want to go there . " Still , some of the questions seem a bit odd to the casual observer . Watch people on the street react to some brainteasers " "  It 's totally out there really , " said one passer-by interviewed on the street . "  Are they on drugs , these people in Cambridge ? " Some of the questions seem downright sinister : "  How would you poison someone without the police finding out ? " Cambridge asks . Others are perhaps downright practical : "  Instead of politicians , why do n't we let the managers of Ikea run the country ? "	Oxford asks prospective students : "  Would you rather be a novel or a poem ? " Cambridge asks applicants : "  What would you do if you were a magpie ? " Administrators at prestigious schools say object is to get students to think Observer on the street describes questions as "  totally out there really "
CNN  -- An Alabama man convicted of raping his former neighbor and friend was sentenced November 13 to 20 years in a state penitentiary on the lead charge , and 10 years each on the lesser offenses . Except that he was n't . The victim , Courtney Andrews , told CNN she was outraged by the sentencing . "  I do n't know how any of this is possible . " Austin Clem , 25 , was convicted of one count of forcible rape and two counts of second-degree rape for attacks that Andrews said started when she was 13 . "  Honestly , I did n't understand when I first heard the sentence , " said Andrews , now 20 . "  I was expecting him to spend a long time in prison . " She said she had n't talked about the abuse because of threats . "  I had to grow up at a very , very young age , and I know what it 's like to have your life threatened and that no one will understand me . " Even though the sentencing order says on its face that Clem will serve his time in a state penitentiary , that same order adds that he will serve none of his time in a state penitentiary . People are outraged . Moreover , they are confused . Was this a legal sentence ? If so , was it a moral sentence ? ` Suspended ' sentences : When ` incarceration ' means anything but People have every reason to be confused . Sentencing statutes are routinely complex , and Alabama 's is no exception . Most state sentencing schemes follow a common theme , arriving at an individual 's punishment based on the 1  gravity of the offense ; and 2  the defendant 's prior record ; which can then be aggravated or mitigated by any other factors the court wants to consider . Lately , in light of the Marissa Alexander case , mandatory minimum sentences have been harshly criticized . "  Mando-mins " as they are sometimes called , force a judge to sentence a minimum number of years , preventing a judge from considering the individual defendant 's unique circumstances , and showing mercy where appropriate . The Austin Clem case highlights the issue at the other end of the spectrum : whether judges can have too much discretion in sentencing convicted felons . In the Clem case , the judge 's discretion came from his authority to impose a "  split sentence . " Let 's look at the lead charge and the sentence , taken verbatim from the order of sentence : "  Count I - Twenty  20  years in the State Penitentiary , split sentence , to serve two  2  years in -LSB- a community-based program -RSB- , balance suspended and placed on three  3  years supervised probation . " Yes , you read that right . It essentially says : Twenty years in prison -- except that it will be zero years , and none of it in prison . The judge likely relied upon Section 15-18-8 of the Alabama Code , which explicitly gives judges discretion to suspend a significant portion of a defendant 's sentence . A suspended sentence is incarceration in name only : The defendant will serve that time out of custody . Clem received 20 years . In this jurisdiction , for sentences between 15 and 20 years , it appears that a mandatory minimum applies : The judge must order at least three and up to five years , and then may suspend the rest . Here 's where it gets strange : The Alabama Supreme Court has held that even the incarceration portion of a split sentence  the three-year minimum  may be suspended . So 20 years can mean zero years . Why give so much discretion to judges ? In Alabama , the rules of procedure direct judges to consider alternatives to long prison terms . Why ? The rules cite skyrocketing costs associated with actual confinement and call attention to prison overcrowding . That prison overcrowding leads to uncertainty : In other words , the judges do n't know that the prison can even accommodate their sentence , so they might as well mete out a sentence that can actually be carried out . An illegal sentence vs. an immoral sentence For many , it does n't matter that this might have been a legal sentence . The outrage is directed not at the legality , but the morality of the punishment . Did the judge have a moral obligation to incarcerate Clem ? What would you have done ? Would you have given credence to the defense 's argument that the sex was consensual ? Is it more important to you as a judge that Clem get the counseling that sex offenders desperately need ? Or is it more important that he be isolated from society ? The idea of punishment for criminals is justified by a few different goals . Incarceration serves to quarantine criminals and protect the rest of us in society from them . Another goal of punishment is rehabilitation . Like it or not , most sex offenders will eventually serve their sentences and be back on the street . Given the risk of repeat offenses , rehabilitation of these felons could be the most critical factor in protecting society . But punishment also recognizes simple retribution as a goal . Retribution is the idea that a punishment should , in theory , be equivalent to the crime . While retribution can also achieve vengeance , it serves a more practical purpose . A society that fails to punish offenders risks citizens taking matters into their own hands -- which threatens the stability of the society itself . So , if you are a retribution-type judge , you 'd probably sentence Clem to long-term incarceration -- even though the legislature has effectively told you that , because of overcrowding , he might not serve that whole sentence . If you are a rehabilitation-type judge , or you worry about Clem 's dependents , you might do as this judge did , and focus on the rehabilitation , with the idea that more progress can be made on the outside than on the inside . As long as the sentence is legal , as a judge , the choice is yours : Do you focus on retribution ? Or rehabilitation ? One thing is for certain , you may not agree with the judge 's sentence in the Austin Clem case . Indeed , the prosecution in this case is not going gently into the good night . The prosecution has now asked an appeals court to fix what it calls an illegal sentence , claiming the judge had no authority to impose the two-year minimum , and should have at least imposed the three year minimum . That appears to be a correct reading of the law . Of course , if the judge can suspend the entire sentence anyway , including the mandatory minimum , is it a distinction without a difference ? The prosecution also claims that felons convicted of first-degree rape are excluded by law from community-based programs , because rape is so fundamentally a crime of violence . If the judge misread the law here , the prosecution may succeed . If so , the court will have to resentence Clem -- but if the judge can still suspend the entire sentence , could Clem get an even better deal ? If you ca n't accept it , then your beef is not only with the judge . Your beef is with the Alabama legislature and the Alabama courts that enacted not only the rules , but warned the justice system that it simply could not accommodate prison terms . Your beef is with the same prisons that do n't have enough beds , leading to the crisis . Finally , your beef is with the Alabama Supreme Court , which sanctioned this practice . Because even if this sentence is ultimately legal , you may still conclude that it is an immoral one . Unfortunately , there 's no appeals court for that . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Danny Cevallos .	An Alabama man was sentenced to no prison time for rape conviction Danny Cevallos says Alabama law , rules give judges discretion to suspend prison terms He says even if the sentence is legal , it may not be a moral one Cevallos : People who object should blame legislature and courts , in addition to judge
CNN  -- Sean Sasser , whose relationship with the late Pedro Zamora on MTV 's "  The Real World : San Francisco " broke cultural barriers on U.S. television , has died , his longtime partner told CNN on Thursday . Sasser was 44 . Sasser , who had been HIV positive for 25 years , died Wednesday from mesothelioma , a rare form of lung cancer that was diagnosed just last month , Michael Kaplan said . He died in the Washington home he shared with Kaplan . Sasser was not one of the original cast members but became a household name as his relationship with Zamora was explored during the show 's third season in 1994 . The couple 's exchange of vows during a commitment ceremony , the first ever broadcast on U.S. television , became a landmark moment in TV history . The couple began dating during the taping of the series . Their relationship and Zamora 's battle with AIDS while living in "  The Real World " house with seven strangers became must-see-TV for teens and young adults , many of whom had never been exposed to a gay couple , much less someone living with HIV . Zamora , who had been diagnosed with AIDS at age 17 , was a well-known AIDS activist at the time he was cast on the show at age 21 . Sasser , who was also working as an activist and educator , also revealed on the show that he was HIV positive . During the taping of the series , Zamora 's health took a turn . "  This was n't a romantic death . It was n't a heroic death . It was horrible , and Sean could n't do anything except watch it happen , " fellow co-star Judd Winick told the online magazine POZ in 1997 . Winick chronicled his friendship with Zamora and Sasser in the graphic novel "  Pedro and Me : Friendship , Loss and What I Learned . " Zamora died on Nov. 11 , 1994 , with Sasser at his side just hours after the airing of the final episode of the season , which featured the two men exchanging their vows , according to MTV . Sasser continued his work as an AIDS activist and educator . Sasser recently moved from Portland , Oregon , to Washington when Kaplan took a job with AIDS United , a non-profit group . The couple had dated off and on for years since the 1990s , but moved in together about six years ago , Kaplan said . Sasser was a pastry chef at RIS , a Washington restaurant , but he was unable to work for the last five weeks , Kaplan said . His last week was spent in bed at home , his partner said . His illness evolved quickly , with the July diagnosis of stage 4 mesothelioma following a June blood test showing an abnormality , Kaplan said . News of Sasser 's death spread quickly across social media , with Winick posting a series of photos of Sasser and Zamora via Twitter . Actor and gay rights activist Wilson Cruz wrote on Twitter : "  My heart breaks . Another beacon of light in our community is darkened tonight with the passing of Sean Sasser . " "  It is because of Pedro and Sean that I made safe decisions about protection and partners in 1993 at just 15 . Thanks , " Yasemin Abdulraouf wrote in a post on Twitter . Another person , identified by the Twitter handle Hollis , wrote : "  U & Pedro showed true grace & dignity in the face of adversity . Hope u have found peace . " MTV wrote , simply : "  RIP to a member of the MTV family , groundbreaking Real World star + AIDS activist . " People we lost in 2013 CNN 's Rachel Wells contributed to this report .	News of Sean Sasser 's death ripples across social media Sasser died from mesothelioma , a rare form of lung cancer , his partner says "  Real World San Francisco " highlighted Sasser 's relationship with Pedro Zamora He worked as a pastry chef at a Washington restaurant
CNN  -- Strikes and counterstrikes between Israel and Hamas resumed as talks aimed at agreeing to a longer-term truce fell apart . Since the temporary ceasefire crumbled Tuesday , at least 137 rockets have been launched from Gaza , the Israeli military said . Of those , 94 hit Israel and 24 were intercepted . Sirens warning of rocket fire repeatedly wailed above the Eshkol region , Ashdod and other Israeli communities on Wednesday . One rocket struck a home in the Ashkelon area but no injuries were reported . Israel has retaliated with airstrikes on Gaza , attacking some 80 suspected militant sites . The attacks have killed 23 people and injured more than 130 , the Gaza Health Ministry said Wednesday . Hamas said one such strike targeted Mohammed Deif , the head of its armed wing , the Qassam Brigades . It killed Deif 's wife and 7-month-old son instead , the Gaza Health Ministry said . But Mousa Marzhouk , deputy head of Hamas ' politburo , said Wednesday that Deif was not killed and is "  in a safe place . " The Israeli military said it was looking into the claim . Sami Abu Zuhri , a senior spokesman for Hamas , posted on Twitter that Israel would "  pay a heavy price " for its "  crimes against Palestinian civilians . " He said the conflict around Gaza would not end unless Deif decided it should and unless Israel committed to halting violence and lifting its siege of the territory . The Qassam Brigades warned international airlines to refrain from landing at or taking off from Ben Gurion Airport in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv starting 6 a.m. local time Thursday  11 p.m. ET Wednesday  . The statement was aired Wednesday by the Palestinian outlet Al Aqsa TV . The blame game As has been the case throughout the conflict , each side blamed the other for the collapse of the ceasefire and failure of peace talks . Israel 's military resumed airstrikes Tuesday afternoon after it said three rockets were fired into Israel from Gaza . Hamas denied involvement in firing the rockets . The truce had been due to last until midnight Tuesday . The talks in Cairo were bound to be difficult because of what they tried to achieve . Israel wanted Gaza to be demilitarized , demanding that Hamas , which controls the territory , and other militant groups lay down their arms . Palestinians wanted Israel 's blockade to end , saying it is strangling the economy of the small , impoverished strip of land and the lives of its inhabitants . Senior Hamas official Izzat Risheq , who was involved in the negotiations in Cairo , said Wednesday that the Israelis negotiated in bad faith and never intended to a make a deal . "  The Israeli delegation was not serious enough to achieve a deal , and was evasive and did not respond to any of our demands , and , therefore , they are the ones who are responsible for the failure of these negotiations , " he said . The Palestinians called for the easing of the blockade while postponing their demands to reopen an airport and a seaport for the territory , but the Israelis never responded to the proposal , he said . Instead , the Israeli side continued to insist on the demilitarization of Gaza , something the Palestinians have long said they will never agree too , Risheq said . The Israeli authorities -- who retain control of Gaza 's airspace , Mediterranean waters and their shared border -- say releasing their grip on what goes into and out of the territory is n't feasible while Hamas and other groups are still building up their arsenals of weapons . Israel blamed Gaza militants for breaking the truce . But it was unclear exactly what happened . In one interpretation , the Israelis left Cairo after they gave up on negotiations . In another interpretation , the Israelis took the newest proposal home with them to share with their government . "  We did not seek this war . Israel imposed this war on us and Israel resumed this war , and our people have no other choice but to remain steadfast and defend their families , " said Risheq . ` Worse to come ' Saeb Erekat , a senior member of the Palestine Liberation Organization , told Voice of Palestine Radio on Wednesday that the Israeli government alone was responsible for the breakdown of the ceasefire . He accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of "  sabotaging every effort as he did always " in the search for peace . Appealing for an international effort to protect Gaza , provide aid to its beleaguered citizens and establish a Palestinian state , Erekat said he feared that "  worse is still to come . " Netanyahu fired back in comments to Hamas , also on Wednesday . "  Our policy is simple : If you shoot , you will get attacked , " he warned . "  If you try more , you will get double . If Hamas does not understand that today ,  it  will tomorrow . And if not tomorrow , the day after . " Israel will not stop its efforts against Hamas "  until we can ensure full safety and security " for people in Israel 's south , the prime minister said . If Hamas thinks otherwise , Netanyahu said , it is mistaken . The latest conflict , which began in early July , has killed more than 2,000 Palestinians , leaving entire Gaza neighborhoods in rubble . The violence has killed 67 people on the Israeli side , with militants in Gaza firing roughly 3,500 rockets toward Israel . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Ali Younes , Amir Tal , Andrew Carey and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	23 people have been killed in renewed Israeli strikes , Gaza Health Ministry says "  If you shoot , you will get attacked , " Netanyahu warns Hamas Hamas ' armed wing leader not killed in airstrike , a Hamas official said Hamas negotiator says Israelis negotiated in bad faith in Cairo talks
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- On the same day that it announced record suicides among its soldiers , the U.S. Army said Thursday that it will soon conduct service-wide training to help identify soldiers at risk of suicide . The program will teach soldiers how to recognize behaviors that may lead to suicide , and how to intervene . The program , which will run February 15 through March 15 , will include training to recognize behaviors that may lead to suicide and instruction on how to intervene . The Army will follow the training with another teaching program , from March 15 to June 15 , focused on suicide prevention at all unit levels . Earlier Thursday , the Army reported the highest one-year level of suicides among its soldiers since it began tracking the rate 28 years ago . The Army said that 128 soldiers were confirmed to have committed suicide in 2008 , and an additional 15 were suspected to have committed suicide that year in cases under investigation among active-duty soldiers and activated National Guard and reserves . The Army 's confirmed rate of suicides in 2008 was 20.2 per 100,000 soldiers . The nation 's suicide rate was 19.5 per 100,000 people in 2005 , a figure considered the most recent , Army officials said last month . In 2007 , the Army reported 115 confirmed suicides , which was then the highest level since 1980 , when it began tracking suicides . Suicides for Marines were also up in 2008 . There were 41 in 2008 , up from 33 in 2007 and 25 in 2006 , according to a Marines report . In addition to the training the Army announced Thursday , the service has a program called Battlemind , intended to prepare soldiers and their families to cope with the stresses of war before , during and after deployment . It also is intended to help detect mental-health issues before and after deployments . The Army and the National Institute of Mental Health signed an agreement in October to conduct research to identify factors affecting the mental and behavioral health of soldiers and to share strategies to lower the suicide rate . The five-year study will examine active-duty , National Guard and reserve soldiers and their families .	Service-wide training to help soldiers identify those at risk of suicide 2008 was record year for U.S. Army suicides , service reports Army : 128 soldiers confirmed to have committed suicide in 2008
"  Trust needs to be rebuilt . " That 's what German Chancellor Angela Merkel firmly asserted early Friday -- as she had the previous day -- in the wake of reports the U.S. National Security Agency had eavesdropped on her cell phone . This claim and others that she and other world leaders have been spied on had "  severely shaken " relationships between Europe and the United States , the German leader said . "  Obviously , words will not be sufficient , " Merkel said in the wee hours Friday at a summit of European Union leaders . "  True change is necessary . " Talk of the NSA 's reported spying on Germany and other allies dominated Merkel 's news conference in Brussels , Belgium . It illustrated the anger over this story in Europe and the challenges facing Washington because of it . The Chancellor insisted she is n't the only one concerned ; other European leaders , she said , voiced similar sentiments during the first day of the summit Thursday . Her comments echoed some she 'd made upon arriving Thursday in Belgium , when she said that discussions of "  what sort of data protection do we need and what transparency is there " should now be on European leaders ' agenda . "  We need trust , ... " she said . "  Spying among friends is never acceptable . " Germany : U.S. might have monitored Merkel 's phone U.S. President Barack Obama understands it 's a "  necessity " for change from his nation 's perspective , according to Merkel , who spoke with the American leader on Wednesday after Germany 's government said it had information the United States might have monitored her phone . She told Obama that eavesdropping among friends is "  never acceptable , no matter in what situation , " she said . On Thursday , White House spokesman Jay Carney repeated what he said Wednesday -- that Obama assured Merkel that the United States is not monitoring and will not monitor her communications . And in a USA Today op-ed published online Thursday night , Obama 's homeland security and counterterrorism adviser Lisa Monaco conceded that recent "  disclosures have created significant challenges in our relationships . " To address them , the President has ordered a "  review  of  our surveillance capabilities , including with our foreign partners , " she wrote . "  We want to ensure we are collecting information because we need it and not because we can , " said Monaco . The German allegation comes in the same week that French daily newspaper Le Monde reported claims the NSA intercepted more than 70 million phone calls in France over 30 days . And The Guardian newspaper -- citing a document obtained from U.S. government contractor-turned-whistleblower Edward Snowden -- reported Thursday that the NSA monitored phone conversations of 35 world leaders . The confidential memo is from 2006 , which is before Obama became president . None of the monitored world leaders is identified . The phone numbers were among 200 handed over to the NSA by a U.S. official , the memo states . Others were encouraged to share their "  rolodexes " with the agency , according to the document , even though tracking until then had yielded "  little reportable intelligence . " Like Carney , NSA spokeswoman Caitlin Haden refused "  to comment publicly on every specific intelligence activity . " "  As we have made clear , " she added , " ... the United States gathers foreign intelligence of the type gathered by all nations . " European leaders push for data protection It 's not clear how well such explanations will be received by Washington 's allies in Europe elsewhere , or how significantly it has and will continue to affect the European Council meeting . The two-day summit was supposed to focus on the digital economy and economic and social policy issues , as well as concerns about EU migration after a recent shipwreck off an Italian island in which hundreds of migrants from Africa died . But French Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault told the French National Assembly on Tuesday that France would ask for the question of electronic surveillance to be added to the agenda . The EU leaders were expected to discuss data protection issues as part of their debate on the digital economy . Viviane Reding , vice president of the European Commission , called for EU nations to commit to adopting a data protection law in light of the recent spying scandals . "  Data protection must apply to everyone -- whether we are talking about citizens ' e-mails or Angela Merkel 's mobile phone , " she said . "  We now need big European rules to counter big fears of surveillance . "  At the summit today , Europe 's heads of state and government must follow words with action : They should commit to adopting the EU Data Protection Reform by spring 2014 . This would be Europe 's declaration of independence . Only then can Europe credibly face the United States . " ` Completely unacceptable ' Even before the latest allegations , Germany and other nations had expressed concerns about alleged U.S. spying after Snowden -- a former National Security Agency contractor -- leaked classified information about American surveillance programs . Spy chief : reports of NSA logging French phone calls are false German news magazine Der Spiegel reported in June that leaks from Snowden detailed how the agency bugged EU offices in Washington and New York , and conducted an "  electronic eavesdropping operation " that tapped into an EU building in Brussels . Merkel spoke with Obama by phone in July about allegations that the United States was conducting surveillance on its European allies . Merkel made it clear that if the information about the U.S. having monitored her phone were true , it would be "  completely unacceptable , " spokesman Steffen Seibert said of Wednesday 's call with Obama . A spokesman for David Cameron declined to answer questions Thursday about whether the British Prime Minister 's phone had been tapped by the United States , following Germany 's suspicion about U.S. monitoring of Merkel 's cell phone . "  I am not going to comment on matters of security or intelligence , " the spokesman told reporters at a regular briefing . Ayrault : ` Shocking ' claims Ayrault described the report of widespread spying by the NSA on French calls as "  worrying " and "  shocking , " saying that security should not be guaranteed at the price of a loss of freedom . Report : U.S. intercepts French phone calls on a ` massive scale ' However , U.S. Director of National Intelligence James Clapper suggested that the claims made by Le Monde were false . The articles "  contain inaccurate and misleading information regarding U.S. foreign intelligence activities , " a written statement from his office said Tuesday . It added that the United States does gather intelligence of "  the type gathered by all nations . " Nonetheless , the allegations prompted a flurry of diplomatic activity this week between the United States and France . Obama and French President Francois Hollande spoke about the claims Monday . "  The President and President Hollande discussed recent disclosures in the press -- some of which have distorted our activities and some of which raise legitimate questions for our friends and allies about how these capabilities are employed , " a White House statement said . "  The President made clear that the United States has begun to review the way that we gather intelligence , so that we properly balance the legitimate security concerns of our citizens and allies with the privacy concerns that all people share . " Hollande 's office said the President expressed his "  deep disapproval with regard to these practices " to Obama and that such alleged activities would be unacceptable between allies and friends . The two Presidents agreed that French and American intelligence services would cooperate on investigating the report , according to the statement from the French President 's office . French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius and U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry also met Tuesday to discuss the claims . The U.S. ambassador to France , Charles Rivkin , was summoned to the French Foreign Ministry in Paris on Monday to discuss the alleged spying . Claims of U.S. spying , resulting from leaks by Snowden , have also soured U.S. relations with Mexico and Brazil . Der Spiegel recently published allegations , citing Snowden as its source , that the U.S. National Security Agency "  systematically " eavesdropped on the Mexican government and hacked the public e-mail account of former Mexican President Felipe Calderon . Mexico to summon U.S. ambassador over spying allegations	U.S. official : "  Surveillance capabilities , including with ... foreign partners " under review German leader : "  True change is necessary " on part of the U.S. U.S. is n't monitoring Merkel 's communications , White House insists France is angry about claims the NSA intercepted millions of phone calls in France
CNN  -- A California judge ruled Monday that a then 10-year-old boy committed second-degree murder -- and knew what he was doing was wrong -- when he fatally shot his father , a local neo-Nazi leader . Jeffrey Hall was asleep on a couch in his family 's Riverside home when his son killed him on May 1 , 2011 , according to authorities . CNN is not naming the boy , who is now 12 , because he is a juvenile . Hall had been the Southwestern states regional director for the National Socialist Movement , according to an online tribute to him from the group 's leader , Jeff Schoep . One of the nation 's biggest , most well-known neo-Nazi organizations , the National Socialist Movement idolizes Adolf Hitler and touts virulent rhetoric against those who are Jewish , immigrants and not "  pure-blood whites , " according to the Southern Poverty Law Center civil rights group . Prosecutors contend the victim 's neo-Nazi background is not linked to his death , saying the young killer 's concerns about abuse and his family being split up were more significant factors . "  It was our belief that this would have happened even if  Hall  was not part of the National Socialist Movement , " said John Hall , a spokesman for the Riverside County district attorney 's office . "  This was done more on a domestic level . " According to an arrest warrant issued for Hall 's wife , Krista McCary , and posted from the Southern California Public Radio 's website , Riverside police arrived in May 2011 at what they described as a "  filthy , " unkempt home and found the victim dead on the coach "  with a gunshot wound to the left side of his head . " Five children -- ages 10 , 9 , 7 , 3 and a 2-month old -- were inside the home at the time , as was McCary , the warrant said . Three of the children later told a detective they knew where guns were inside the house , according to the arrest warrant . The eldest said he 'd taken a revolver off a low shelf in his father 's and stepmother 's closet , then killed his sleeping father . The boy told police "  he was tired of his dad hitting him and his mom , " and that he thought his father was having an affair that might contribute to the family 's break-up . Less than three weeks after Hall 's death , McCary was arrested and charged with five counts of willful child endangerment and four counts of criminal storage of a firearm , according to Riverside Superior Court records . In August 2011 , she pleaded guilty to one count of each charge and was sentenced to 120 days in custody  all but two of them in work release  and four years of probation . The boy has been detained in juvenile halls in Riverside County since the shooting . His lawyers initially sought an insanity defense but later dropped that approach and argued their client did n't fully grasp the ramifications of what he did , according to John Hall , the district attorney 's spokesman . The murder trial before county Judge Jean Leonard -- and not a jury -- got underway October 30 , 2012 , continuing off-and-on for about 10 days over four months , ending Monday . As there are no "  guilty " or "  not guilty " verdicts in her California juvenile court , Leonard instead found it "  true " that the boy had committed murder and understood his actions were wrong . The next hearing in the case is scheduled for February 15 , where placement of the boy will be determined . The convicted boy could remain in custody up until his 23rd birthday , though he could be freed sooner or have a number of other living arrangements as determined by the judge , said John Hall . Schoep recalled the 32-year-old victim -- pictured on the tribute website raising a National Socialist Movement flag , which contains a swastika -- as a "  dedicated father " who "  spent countless hours on the California and Arizona border leading patrols in efforts to halt illegal immigration ,  and organized  events for the NSM countless times . " Schoep 's ex-wife Joanna told the Southern Poverty Law Center that Hall was her ex-husband 's best friend . The same civil rights group described Jeff Hall as "  something of a rising star in the neo-Nazi universe . " A public advocate for a "  white nation , " he led rallies full of white supremacists giving Nazi salutes at a day-laborer center and synagogues , in addition to his border patrol activities , according to the law center . He was also a politician of sorts , earning nearly 30 % of the vote -- after he 'd publicly stood by his neo-Nazi views -- in a race to join the Western Municipal Water District board of directors in Riverside County .	A boy , then 10 , fatally shot his father in 2011 as he was sleeping on a couch The father was a leader in the National Socialist Movement , a neo-Nazi group Prosecutors argued domestic issues , not the dad 's background , led to death A judge finds it "  true " the boy committed murder and understood it was wrong
CNN  -- For 35 years , the Cato Institute has been a nonpartisan and independent source of libertarian views on key policy issues in America . We stand for limited government , individual liberty and peace . No matter who is in the White House or has control of Congress , scholars at Cato have consistently argued that the federal government should treat every person as an individual , regardless of background and lifestyle choices . We have advocated for limiting military engagement in foreign conflicts that have no bearing on the safety of our country . And we have opposed legislation that would involve more government control , even when that legislation is supported by some free-market organizations . Over the years , these beliefs have put us at odds with elected officials on all sides of the political spectrum . We have been critical of Presidents Bill Clinton , George W. Bush and Barack Obama for what we believe to be overreaching of executive authority . We were among the first to question the Bush administration 's war in Iraq , and we aggressively opposed President Obama 's economic stimulus plan . However , we eagerly work with officials when we find areas of agreement , as we did with the Clinton administration on trade policies and the Bush administration on Social Security reform . But , if Charles Koch , the CEO of Koch Industries , gets his way , the independence that has allowed Cato scholars to focus on smart policies rather than electoral politics will come to an end . Koch , along with current CEO Ed Crane , was a co-founder of Cato and provided nearly all of the seed capital and early funding that established the institute in 1977 . Koch 's interests have taken him on different paths since ; he left Cato 's board in 1991 and has provided no funding to the institute for many years . Opinion : Koch believes in an independent Cato Koch has recently increased his funding for more partisan advocacy groups , such as the Americans for Prosperity . His brother , David , told me in a meeting in November of 2011 that he and Charles wanted Cato to coordinate more closely with their political organizations in their efforts to defeat President Obama in the fall election . Tim Phillips , president of Americans for Prosperity , left little doubt as to what their plans are when he spoke with the New York Times that same month : "  From an operational standpoint , we 're going to have a field effort in targeted states that is doing phones , door to door , and integrated with direct mail and social media . It is going to look very similar to what party committees would be doing . " That 's fine for them , but not for Cato . The court will ultimately decide who is in control at Cato : A board of independent directors who have , over 30 years , provided financial and management support to the institute while upholding its libertarian principles , or two individuals who seek to restructure the board with people beholden to their political agendas . The Koch brothers are shareholders of Cato through an unusual but legal arrangement . Because one of the shareholders passed away , the Kochs believe they can take control of Cato . Indeed , Charles Koch 's first step when he thought he had gained control of Cato 's stock was to nominate 12 people to fill board seats of Cato directors whose terms of service had expired . None of the nominees had supported Cato financially or indicated any interest in the institute 's governance . Three nominees are Koch employees , two are lawyers for Koch Industries , two had long careers at Koch-controlled organizations , one is a third-generation major shareholder in Koch Industries and one is a Republican political operative . However accomplished the nominees may be , they are not appropriate for Cato 's board if the institute is to preserve its international reputation as a leading vanguard for libertarian principles . The stakes are high . Would transforming Cato from a libertarian research center into a policy shop for the Kochs ' political operations make any sense ? The answer from Cato 's fiercely independent donors , scholars and stakeholders worldwide has been unequivocal : No . As partisan wrangling threatens to polarize Washington to the point of paralysis , there should be at least one organization to which elected leaders and the public can turn for credible , consistent , free-market policy prescriptions . Any imagined benefits from a takeover of Cato will be more than offset by the flight of its greatest assets -- its scholars . Similarly , any attempt to direct or influence Cato initiatives will result in quick devaluation of the Cato brand . This would be devastating -- not just for Cato , but for the libertarian movement that Koch conspicuously supports . The Kochs can easily work through their activist grassroots organizations to advance their political goals . But the Cato Institute can not be just another tool to promote their interests . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert A. Levy .	Cato Institute has been an independent source of libertarian views for 35 years Robert Levy : If Charles Koch takes control of Cato , he 'll turn it into a partisan policy shop He says any attempt to direct Cato initiatives will result in quick devaluation of the Cato brand Levy : Cato can not be just another tool to promote the politcal agendas of Koch
CNN  -- Soccer star Lionel Messi must appear in court on September 17 to face possible charges of tax fraud , prosecutors in Spain said Thursday . The four-time world player of the year and his father Jorge Horacio Messi are suspected of defrauding Spanish tax authorities of more than $ 5 million between 2006 and 2009 . They deny the charges . A judge will decide after the hearing whether to go ahead with the case , which is being held in a town near Barcelona -- where Messi has lived since moving from his native Argentina as a teenager . Messi , who turns 26 next Monday , is 10th on the list of the world 's highest-paid athletes as compiled by business magazine Forbes with earnings of $ 41 million . According to the papers filed on June 12 by prosecutor Raquel Amado in Gava , a seaside resort close to Barcelona where Messi lives , it is alleged that they tried to avoid paying taxes in Spain by selling the player 's image rights through overseas companies . His club Barcelona said it was not involved , as the image rights payments are independent of the reported $ 20 million yearly salary he receives from the Spanish champion team . Messi used his Facebook website page to deny the charges earlier this month . "  We have just known through the media about the claim filed by the Spanish tax authorities , " read the statement in Spanish and English . "  We are surprised about the news , because we have never committed any infringement . "  We have always fulfilled all our tax obligations , following the advice of our tax consultants , who will take care of clarifying this situation . " Messi joined Barcelona as a 13-year-old in 2000 , and has won six Primera Liga titles , three European Champions League crowns . Last year he scored an unprecedented 86 goals for club and country . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	Spanish court rules that Lionel Messi and his father must testify in tax case The Barcelona soccer star denies all allegations of wrongdoing He is accused by Spanish tax authorities of handing in fraudulent returns The Argentine is said to owe $ 5 million relating to image rights revenue
CNN  -- A photo posted online Monday shows George Zimmerman with blood on his nose and lips . His attorneys say it was taken the night unarmed teen Trayvon Martin was killed in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense . Martin 's attorneys say he was shot and killed "  in cold blood . " Prosecutors have charged Zimmerman with second-degree murder for the February 26 killing . The picture , posted Monday on Zimmerman 's defense website , was taken by a police officer , Zimmerman 's attorneys wrote . The state had previously provided a black-and-white copy of the image , the attorneys wrote on the website . "  This high resolution digital file was finally provided to the defense on October 29 . " A police report from the night of the incident said Zimmerman was "  bleeding from the nose and back of his head . " The 28-year-old volunteer neighborhood watchman was driving through his gated community when the incident occurred . Martin was walking through the neighborhood to his father 's girlfriend 's house . Zimmerman has claimed that after the two exchanged words , Martin charged at him , knocked him to the ground and banged his head repeatedly against a concrete sidewalk . Martin 's family says Zimmerman attacked the teen , who had done nothing wrong . Martin 's death sparked nationwide protests and inflamed public passions over race relations and gun control , as well as Florida 's controversial "  stand your ground " law , which allows the use of deadly force when a person perceives a threat to safety . In August , a new judge was named to oversee the case , after an appeals court agreed to a request from Zimmerman 's defense team . The attorneys had argued the previous judge had made remarks putting Zimmerman in reasonable fear of an unfair trial . Judge rules George Zimmerman 's team can review slain teen 's records	The photo shows Zimmerman apparently bleeding on the night of Martin 's killing Prosecutors previously provided a black-and-white copy , Zimmerman 's defense says Zimmerman claims he killed Trayvon Martin in self-defense Martin 's defense team says he was killed "  in cold blood "
Waltham , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Mitt Romney has pledged to repeal President Obama 's universal health care law if he is elected president . Critics find his position rather strange , arguing that the plan he helped develop when he was governor of Massachusetts is quite similar in design to the Obama plan . Romney disputes his critics , saying there are important and fundamental differences between the plans . Who is correct ? In actuality , both plans draw extensively from legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974 . In a book just published , "  Power , Politics , and Universal Health Care , " David Shactman and I explain how Romney and Obama used the same approach as Nixon to lower the number of uninsured . All three built their system on private , employer-sponsored insurance in which all but the smallest employers had to provide insurance to their workers or pay a penalty . All utilized Medicare to insure the elderly and an expanded Medicaid-type program to insure the poor . All provided subsidies to low-income individuals and small employers . The Romney and Obama plans created state-based private insurance exchanges to make insurance more accessible and affordable to small business and individuals . President Obama has been heavily criticized by conservatives because his plan includes a mandate for all individuals to have insurance or pay a penalty . Romney , too , has joined those criticizing the president , yet his plan in Massachusetts included just such a mandate . This idea was originally proposed by conservative groups as a measure of personal responsibility and an alternative to a single-payer system advocated by many progressive organizations . Romney believes it is alright to have a state require all to have coverage but that it can not be mandated by the federal government . Romney contends the Massachusetts plan required no new funding , whereas the Obama law calls for nearly a trillion dollars in increased taxes and cuts in projected Medicare spending over 10 years . What Romney does n't say is that the Massachusetts plan is partly funded with earmarked federal dollars and partly with state funds generated by a tax increase previously enacted to pay for a universal coverage plan that was never implemented . Unfortunately for Obama , there was no larger entity to support his plan . He had to pay for his plan with new federal monies and cuts in future federal spending . Although the federal government will assume a greater proportion of health spending , total health spending in the United States is projected to increase only 2 % more by 2019 under the Obama plan than it would have otherwise . As with the Nixon proposal , neither Romney nor Obama decided to include significant measures to reduce health care costs . Although both were criticized , I believe that was a sound political decision that allowed all the major health groups to support both plans . President Clinton 's health plan drew strong opposition from many stakeholders because it included a tight spending budget . Under Obama 's plan , hospitals , insurers and drug companies agreed to modest cuts in future revenues or rate increases , because all expected increased revenues from the millions of newly insured Americans . Both Obama and Romney expected that constraining health costs would be necessary in future years . A complete review of the two plans should acknowledge that the Obama plan includes many components not in the Massachusetts legislation . The most controversial are a board appointed to control Medicare spending and a requirement that insurance companies spend a minimum percentage of their revenues on direct patient care . The plan also includes a number of provisions to reform Medicare and Medicaid , and an extensive list of new delivery system approaches to be tested with federal pilot and demonstration programs . Important as these components may be , they are not part of the basic framework of the plan . After comparing the Romney and Obama plans , it is clear that the similarities far outweigh the differences . Romney could argue , however , that Obama did n't use the Massachusetts plan as a model but rather drew on the proposal put forth by Richard Nixon almost 40 years earlier . Romney 's plan worked for Massachusetts , reducing its uninsured rate to the lowest in the country . Although the legislation did not put a brake on rising health care costs , there is some evidence it did reduce its rate of growth compared to other parts of the country . Health insurance premiums have traditionally been higher in Massachusetts than in the rest of the United States . The gap , however , has narrowed somewhat as premium growth between 2006 and 2010 in the United States grew by an average yearly rate of 5.1 % while in Massachusetts the average growth was 4.4 % . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stuart Altman .	Romney promises to repeal Obama health care plan , yet critics find links between two Stuart Altman says both plans had their basis in Richard Nixon 's health care plan All three plans built on private , employer sponsored health insurance Romney , Obama plans do n't significantly restrain costs , he says
Coal is the new gold in South Africa -- it 's also one of the worst polluters on the planet . South Africa is the world 's fourth largest coal exporter with over 40 billion tons of the fossil fuel in reserves , according to the government . While the Chamber of Mines reported sales of some $ 10 billion last year . But the of host of the United Nations Climate Change Conference , currently taking place in Durban , is under increasing pressure to curb its addiction to coal -- the world 's most notorious contributor to the greenhouse gases blamed for contributing to climate change . From South Africa to America , Europe to China , coal is the bedrock on which most world economies have been built . Reducing its use , many countries argue , will reduce productivity and growth . "  If today we say no to coal , that means we have to switch off all our power plants in South Africa , " said Dipuo Peters , South Africa 's Minister of Energy . "  What is going to happen to our country ? We need to keep the lights on . We need to grow the economy and create jobs . As we speak 25 % of our people are unemployed . " Developed countries have pledged to contribute $ 100 billion towards a Green Climate Fund that would subsidize efforts by developing nations to reduce their carbon emissions . But with the economies of developed countries under strain many fear these funds will never materialize . Complicating matters even more is the argument around whether the world 's second biggest economy , China , should be entitled to such a subsidy . In the meantime , with more power stations either being built or planned , South Africa 's coal mining industry is likely to continue to grow . It is also creating opportunities for young entrepreneurs like Andre Magiya . "  People want coal in big numbers , " the mining logistics businessman said . "  We can not satisfy the export market as it is . "  And locally the hospitals use coal , manufacturers use coal , even the prisons . Everywhere there is demand for coal . " Europe has been South Africa 's main coal export market , but orders from India and China have rapidly grown in recent years . Still , it is domestic demand that drives the industry : Over 90 % of South Africa 's electricity , produced by power utility Eskom , is generated from coal . The government-controlled company has some of the biggest power plants in the world and is busy building more -- a move that has attracted the attention of international environmentalists Greenpeace , who recently staged a demonstration at a power plant under construction in the Mpumalanga province . "  This country has been mining coal since the 1860 , " said Melita Steele of Greenpeace . "  It has formed the backbone of the economy and it 's what Eskom knows . "  So what do you do when you are in an electricity crisis ? You invest in what you know . Even though the government is talking nicely about climate change we are not seeing the action and we are not seeing the urgency . " China and the United States are undoubtedly the world 's worst air polluters , but South Africa leads in Africa -- and activists say it should be leading in clean energy as well . "  Less than 1 % of this country 's energy is green which is a sorry tale . We are seeing more significant action from countries like Lesotho in this regard , " said Steele . At the last U.N. climate change conference , COP16 in Copenhagen , President Jacob Zuma committed to reducing 34 % of South Africa 's carbon emissions by 2020 and some progress is being made . Several initiatives to create electricity from waste are already underway . Africa 's biggest sugar producer , Illovo , says with the right incentives from government it could invest in equipment that could see it produce 1.6 gigawatts per hour of power from sugar fiber called baggase -- power it could add to the national grid . Peters says the government will conclude discussions with the sugar industry soon and in the meantime it is investigating other alternatives . Several wind and sun energy projects already have the government 's financial backing . "  We have got a plan of one million solar geysers  solar water heaters  by 2014 . One million solar geysers saves 3,000 megawatts . Three thousand megawatts is a potential power plant , and we are saying being able to do that is an indication of our commitment , " she said . It 's a delicate balancing act -- one many developing countries continue to grapple with . Alleviating poverty remains a primary focus whatever the means . Some of South Africa 's major employers are also among the country 's top polluters . They 've warned that without alternative energy sources , the government 's ambitious carbon reduction targets will negatively impact on plans to grow the economy and create jobs . Peters says her department hopes to ultimately be able to provide big industries with reliable clean energy to meet their minimum demands . "  We want to build 5,000 megawatts of solar power so that we can , in the next 10 years , prove to ourselves and to the world that solar and wind can be a base load , " she added . These are ambitious targets and promises that may go up in smoke if the world fails to reach consensus in Durban .	South Africa is host of the United Nations Climate Change Conference or COP17 South Africa is the world 's fourth largest coal exporter , selling some $ 10 billion-worth in 2010 Coal one of the worst polluters on the planet ; SA under pressure to reduce its use Government says it has plans to use more sustainable energy
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Six Zimbabweans arrested last year for watching footage of the Arab Spring protests were found guilty Monday of conspiracy to commit public violence . The men face six to 10 years in prison or a $ 2,000 fine when they are sentenced in a Harare court Tuesday . They were among 46 people arrested on February 19 , 2011 , during an academic meeting where a video on events in Tunisia and Egypt was shown . "  I am very disappointed that they were found guilty , " defense lawyer Alec Muchadehama said after hearing the verdict . Rights activist Munyaradzi Gwisai said the verdict was "  not surprising . " "  We are not deterred , " Gwisai said . "  We are not intimidated . " Police released 40 of the attendees , but charged the rest with treason or attempt to overthrow the government by unconstitutional means . Those charges were altered to conspiracy to commit public violence . The government has said the six were plotting an Egyptian-style uprising in the southern African country . Critics have called the charges politically motivated . The defendants were allegedly watching video footage of protests that led to the ouster of Presidents Zine El Abidine Ben Ali of Tunisia and Hosni Mubarak of Egypt . Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe , 87 , is not unlike the toppled leaders . He has ruled Zimbabwe since independence in 1980 and has been accused of rigging elections and instituting repressive laws to tighten his grip on power . The arrests may be an indication authorities are worried the winds of change sweeping across North Africa may inspire Zimbabweans to rise up , too . The opposition Movement for Democratic Change , MDC , which is in a troubled unity government with Mugabe 's ZANU-PF , has called the arrests "  an abuse of state machinery by ZANU-PF to suppress the people 's views . " Mugabe has called for new elections but his political rival and leader of the MDC , Morgan Tsvangirai , has threatened to boycott the poll if a referendum on a new constitution is not held . In an interview with CNN , Tsvangirai called Monday 's judgment "  very , very unfortunate . One thing I would say is it 's totally uncalled for . " Asked whether an Arab Spring-type movement is needed in Zimbabwe , he said , "  Now we are on another path of negotiation and setting up a transitional government and having elections -- there 's no need for it . " CNN 's Zain Verjee and Journalist Columbus S. Mavhunga contributed to this report .	"  We are not deterred . We are not intimidated , " rights activist says Forty six people were arrested for watching a video on Egypt and Tunisia protests Critics have called the charges politically motivated Robert Mugabe has ruled Zimbabwe since 1980
CNN  -- Bradley Wiggins is hot favorite for overall victory , but Mark Cavendish will be keeping the race leader 's Maglia Rosa jersey warm for his fellow countryman after a blistering finish to win the opening stage of the Giro d'Italia Saturday . Cavendish came with a late charge on the seafront in Naples to pip home rider Elia Viviani of the Cannondale team on the line . Frenchman Nacer Bouhanni was third in the 130km opener around the southern Italian city . It was a reminder , if any was needed , of Cavendish 's incredible finishing speed as he claimed his 11th Giro stage victory and his first in a Grand Tour for new team Omega Pharma Quick Step . The 27-year-old had to do it the hard way as lead out man Gert Steegmans had a mechanical problem in the final kilometer and Cavendish was left to make up a small gap before unleashing his late burst . Viviani was left thumping his handlebars in frustration at such a near miss while Cavendish acknowledged it had been a hard fought win . "  That was a difficult , difficult stage for me . The team were incredible in staying in front but we did n't get it right at the end . "  It 's cost us a lot recently but I managed to come round and win . I really wanted that so badly . He will take an eight second time bonus lead over Viviani , with Bouhanni 12 seconds behind , into Sunday 's 17.5 km team time trial on the island of Ischia . Cavendish spent a single season with Wiggins at Team Sky last season , claiming the final stage of the Tour de France as his teammate made history by becoming the first Briton to win the historic race . But with Sky placing the emphasis on riders like Wiggins and Chris Froome in winning the overall classification at races such as the Tour and Giro , he left to join Omega in the close season . Wiggins and his Sky team will be expected to make their move on Sunday 's stage . The reigning Tour de France champion finished safely in the bunch , which split after a late crash , leaving Cavendish and a clutch of other sprint specialists to fight out the finish . Canada 's Ryder Hesjedal of the Garmin-Sharp team is the defending champion at the Giro with Astana 's Vincenzo Nibali carrying the main home hopes .	Mark Cavendish wins Giro d'Italia opening stage in Naples Leaves sprint late to pip Elia Viviani on the line 11th Giro stage victory for the flying Manxman Fellow Briton Bradley Wiggins race favorite in 95th edition of Giro
CNN  -- A national poll of people who watched the vice presidential debate Thursday night suggests that Democratic Sen. Joe Biden won , but also says Republican Gov. Sarah Palin exceeded expectations . Poll respondents give Sen. Joe Biden the edge over Gov. Sarah Palin in ability to express views . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. said 51 percent of those polled thought Biden did the best job , while 36 percent thought Palin did the best job . But respondents said the folksy Palin was more likable , scoring 54 percent to Biden 's 36 percent . Seventy percent said Biden was more of a typical politician . Both candidates exceeded expectations -- 84 percent of the people polled said Palin did a better job than they expected , while 64 percent said Biden also exceeded expectations . How Palin would perform had been a major issue for the Alaska governor , who had some well-publicized fumbles during interviews with CBS ' Katie Couric leading up to the debate . Respondents thought Biden was better at expressing his views , giving him 52 percent to Palin 's 36 percent.iReport.com : Tell us who you think did best On the question of the candidates ' qualifications to assume the presidency , 87 percent of those polled said Biden is qualified and 42 percent said Palin is qualified . The candidates sparred over which team would be the better agent of change , and Biden came out on top of that debate , with 53 percent of those polled giving the nod to the Delaware senator while 42 percent said Palin was more likely to bring change . Respondents overwhelmingly said moderator Gwen Ifill was fair during the vice presidential debate , repudiating critics who said that Ifill , of PBS , would be biased because she is writing a book that includes Biden 's running mate , Sen. Barack Obama . Ninety-five percent of those polled said Ifill was fair . The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points . Obama was selected as a winner over Republican Sen. John McCain in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll on the September 26 presidential debate .	51 percent say Democratic Sen. Joe Biden wins vice presidential debate Republican Gov. Sarah Palin exceeds expectations , 84 percent say Palin beats Biden on likability , 54-36 87 percent say Biden is qualified for job , 42 percent say Palin is
CNN Student News  -- October 17 , 2014 What is measured by the Saffir-Simpson scale ? The answer is n't just part of today 's Newsquiz ; it 's covered first up today on CNN Student News . Another science story focuses on the anniversary of a powerful earthquake and the preparations undertaken to guard against another one . And we explore whether U.S. strategy is working against the ISIS terrorist group . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . Pakistani activist Malala Yousafzai and Indian activist Kailash Satyarthi were recently selected to share what prestigious award ? 2 . The island of Okinawa is part of what country , which was hit this week by Typhoon Vongfong ? 3 . Who is the leader of North Korea ? 4 . The duffel bag is named for a city in what nation ? 5 . What is the name of the NASA drone that began as a project by Perdue University students ? 6 . In which chamber of the U.S. Congress are about a third of its 100 seats up for election in this year 's midterms ? 7 . In which chamber of the U.S. Congress are all 435 of its voting seats up for election in this year 's midterms ? 8 . What branch of the U.S. military operates the mysterious X-37B space plane ? 9 . A proposal in drought-stricken Santa Monica , California would limit each resident 's water usage to how many gallons per day ? 10 . The Saffir-Simpson scale measures the sustained wind speeds of what ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
EW.com  -- "  Snow White and the Huntsman " was awoken to the tune of $ 56.3 million this weekend , according to studio estimates . That 's a big win for Universal Pictures , especially considering that the studio 's last film , the sinking big-budget bomb known as "  Battleship , " opened to less than half that amount two weeks ago . "  Snow White " also marked the best debut for star Kristen Stewart outside the "  Twilight " franchise , and the second-best start for Charlize Theron after "  Hancock . " The film skewed female , but just barely , as 53 percent of its crowd consisted of women . The PG-13 revisionist fairy tale was also pretty evenly split between younger and older moviegoers , with 52 percent being at least 30 years old . Audiences liked but did n't love the film , which received an okay "  B " rating from CinemaScore participants . Considering that Universal spent $ 170 million producing the picture , "  Snow White " needs to hold moderately well the next few weeks . But even if the movie does n't wind up being a huge moneymaker , it at least avoided the fate of "  Battleship " and is the first major post - "  Avengers " flick to exceed industry expectations . In second place , "  Men in Black 3 " held up fairly well , dropping 46 percent for $ 29.3 million . The $ 230 million threequel has so far earned $ 112.3 million domestically in 10 days -- just slightly behind where "  Men in Black "  $ 118.8 million  and "  Men in Black II "  $ 115.6 million  were at the same point -- and an impressive $ 386.9 million worldwide . Of course , that 's nothing compared to "  The Avengers , " which fell 45 percent for $ 20.3 million and walked away with two notable achievements . First , the Marvel superhero movie passed "  The Dark Knight 's " $ 533.3 million tally to become the third-highest-grossing domestic release ever , behind only "  Avatar "  $ 760.5 million  and Titanic  $ 658.6 million  . While "  The Avengers " should be able to reach the $ 600 million mark , it 'll almost certainly fall short of those two James Cameron productions . Still , No. 3 is not a bad place to be , especially when you 're also talking about the worldwide record board . Over the weekend , "  The Avengers " passed "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows -- Part 2 " to become the third biggest movie ever globally . The movie has so far smashed $ 1.36 billion worldwide . Though again , third place is likely where it 'll stay , as "  Avatar " and "  Titanic " are way out in front with $ 2.78 billion and $ 2.19 billion , respectively . Rounding out the top five were "  Battleship " and "  The Dictator " with $ 4.8 million and $ 4.7 million . In limited release , Wes Anderson 's critically acclaimed "  Moonrise Kingdom " continued to dominate , collecting $ 849,000 at just 16 theaters for a per-location average of $ 53,000 . The Mexican historical drama "  For Greater Glory , " starring Andy Garcia and Eva Longoria , settled for a decent $ 1.8 million at 757 theaters . But the horror-comedy sequel "  Piranha 3DD " mustered only $ 179,000 at 86 locations , while the Adrien Brody comedy "  High School " flunked out with just $ 80,600 at 200 sites -- that 's $ 403 per theater . If one assumes each theater played "  High School " five times per day , then each screening was attended by an average of three moviegoers . 1 . "  Snow White and the Huntsman " -- $ 56.3 mil 2 . "  Men in Black 3 " -- $ 29.3 mil 3 . "  The Avengers " -- $ 20.3 mil 4 . "  Battleship " -- $ 4.8 mil 5 . "  The Dictator " -- $ 4.7 mil See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Snow White and the Huntsman " proved to be a weekend win for Universal The film received an okay "  B " rating from CinemaScore participants . "  The Avengers " passed "  Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows â $ " Part 2 " to become the third biggest movie ever globally .
CNN  -- Leading Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan says he was detained for nearly two hours Friday night at New Jersey 's Newark International Airport because of his last name . Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan said he was detained by authorities at the Newark , New Jersey , airport . In an interview with CNN 's sister network in India , CNN-IBN , Khan said immigration officials at the airport detained him for questioning after they said his name was flagged . "  They kept on telling me that my name is common to some name that has popped up on the computer , so they need to follow procedure , " he said . "  It took them an hour and a half , two hours ; they kept on asking me questions , if I could give them any ... numbers in America that they can contact and vouch for me and who I am . " A U.S. Customs and Border Protection spokesman said the agency could not comment on specific incidents . "  I was really taken aback because there were people who knew me there , " Khan told CNN-IBN , referring to other travelers who were nearby . Rajeev Shukla , the secretary of India 's ruling Congress party and a friend of Khan 's , told CNN that the actor called him from Newark , as well as Khan 's secretary and family . Shukla said Khan , who was en route to Chicago , Illinois , was allowed to leave after Indian Embassy officials intervened . In New Delhi , India , U.S. Ambassador Timothy Roemer issued a statement describing Khan as a "  very welcome guest " in the United States and a "  global icon . " "  Many Americans love his films , " Roemer said . "  We are trying to ascertain the facts of the case -- to understand what took place . " The Indian government said in a written statement that it understood that Khan had been "  taken aside for ` secondary questioning ' " at Newark airport . "  The consulate general of India got in touch with him immediately upon learning about the incident , " the statement said . "  Mr. Khan said that he was all right . The consulate offered him any assistance that he may require . " The government said it has taken up the matter with the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Indian movie star Shah Rukh Khan says he was held for two hours Immigration officials told actor his surname came up on computer , he says Officials asked for ID verification , though others at airport recognized him , he says Ambassador to India calls Khan "  a very welcome guest " in United States
CNN  -- Former Liberian President Charles Taylor will be transferred to the United Kingdom to serve a 50-year sentence for aiding war crimes in neighboring Sierra Leone , the U.K. Ministry of Justice said . No date for his transfer was provided by the ministry . The announcement comes two weeks after United Nations-backed Special Court for Sierra Leone ruled to uphold the sentence , rejecting an appeal . Another country like the United Kingdom had to offer to enforce the sentence against Taylor because the special tribunal does n't have a prison facility . Taylor , 65 , was found guilty last year of supplying and encouraging rebels in Sierra Leone in a campaign of terror , involving murder , rape , sexual slavery , looting and the conscription of children younger than 15 . He was also convicted of using Sierra Leone 's diamond deposits to help fuel its civil war with arms and guns while enriching himself with what have commonly come to be known as "  blood diamonds . " Both the defense and prosecution lodged appeals after the court convicted the former president of all 11 counts against him , following a trial lasting nearly four years . Taylor 's defense appealed the court 's judgment and sentence on multiple grounds , arguing that the trial chamber had made mistakes in evaluating the evidence and in applying the law . But the appeals judges rejected those arguments , saying that the trial chamber had "  thoroughly evaluated the evidence for its credibility and reliability , " and that its assessment of Taylor 's criminal responsibility and liability was in accordance with international laws . The appeals judges also dismissed defense claims that Taylor was not given a fair trial . The defense also argued that the 50-year sentence handed down was "  manifestly unreasonable , " while the prosecution had argued that it should be increased to 80 years to adequately reflect the gravity of his crimes . The appeals judges dismissed both claims , saying the sentence was fair and reasonable . Rights group Amnesty International welcomed the ruling , saying it sent a clear message to leaders around the world . "  The Court 's landmark ruling underlines that no one is above the law , " said Stephanie Barbour , head of Amnesty International 's Centre for International Justice in The Hague . "  The conviction of those responsible for crimes committed during Sierra Leone 's conflict has brought some measure of justice for the tens of thousands of victims . The conviction of Charles Taylor must pave the way for further prosecutions . " Role in atrocities Taylor was the first former head of state to be convicted of war crimes since the Nuremberg trials that followed World War II . The trial chamber heard that rebels from the Revolutionary United Front , which the former president backed , committed horrendous crimes against Sierra Leone civilians , including children . Some were enslaved to mine the diamonds used to fund the rebels ' fight . The presiding trial judge described Taylor as responsible for "  aiding and abetting as well as planning some of the most heinous and brutal crimes recorded in human history . " But Taylor said during his sentencing hearing in May 2012 that his role in the conflict was much different than represented . "  I pushed the peace process hard , contrary to how I have been portrayed in this court , " he said . A pivotal figure in Liberian politics for decades , he became president in 1997 and was forced out of office under international pressure in 2003 . He fled to Nigeria , where border guards arrested him three years later as he was attempting to cross into Chad . The United Nations and the Sierra Leone government jointly set up the special tribunal to try those who played the biggest role in the atrocities . The court was moved to the Netherlands from Sierra Leone , where emotions about the civil war still run high . Opinion : Do war crimes trials really help victims ? CNN 's David McKenzie contributed to this report .	Charles Taylor to serve war crimes sentence in UK Court in The Hague upheld Charles Taylor 's conviction and 50-year sentence He was president of Liberia from 1997 until 2003 , when he fled under pressure He was convicted of supplying , encouraging rebels in Sierra Leone in a campaign of terror
CNN  -- Just along the river from London 's economic heart -- the City of London -- lies the O2 Arena , which over the last week has hosted a tennis tournament which has had record crowds as fans forget about the economic gloom that has gripped both Britain and Europe over the last few years . "  When people are not doing very well , they need something to entertain them and this is a great distraction , " said Dakin Sloss , a tennis fan from Silicon Valley in California , who attended the ATP World Tour finals . Place a five kilometer ring around the now iconic setting , which was specially constructed to herald the arrival of the 21st Century , and within it would fall inner London boroughs where unemployment is well into double digits , double that for the under 25s , and deprivation is very apparent . Britain officially crept out of its double dip recession last quarter , but like much of the Europe , is gripped by the consequences of sluggish growth and demand . Dire outlook But within the O2 Arena 's confines there is no sense of austerity . When the ATP World Tour Finals came to the British capital for the first time in 2009 , arguably the economic outlook was even more dire , but during its fourth staging this year the tournament celebrated its millionth paying customer and in many ways is a beacon for the heady success currently being enjoyed by tennis despite the global downturn . But it 's not just London , coming off unprecedented attendances at the 2012 Olympics , and with their own "  home town " global superstar in the form of Andy Murray , where tennis has pulled in the big revenues . "  The ATP and its 62 tournaments are now generating more than half a billion dollars annually , " Brad Drewett , the tour 's executive chairman and president , told CNN . "  We are in our strongest financial position ever and we have the biggest and best group of corporate partners ever involved in the game , " he added . Increased revenues According to the ATP , commercial revenues have increased 165 per cent since 2009 and during finals week , Ricoh extended its support while the big announcement saw title sponsor Barclays put its name to the tournament through 2015 with London confirmed as the venue in a two-year extension . Six-time grand slam champion Boris Becker believes that the global appeal of the sport has helped it ride the economic storm . "  You have great stars in a truly international sport , not based on one continent , and whether you are from Asia , Africa , the Americas or Europe , you have your favorites , " said Becker , who is working for Barclays on their Ball Kids initiative . "  Tennis has a long history , we have survived wars and many different kinds of problems and in difficult times we come through , "  Becker added . Attendances on the ATP have remained steady at 4.4 million each year since 2009 , excluding the four grand slams and Davis Cup matches , and television audiences have increased , with 800 million viewers plus four millions visitors to the official ATP Tour website each month . Neil Harman , tennis correspondent of The Times of London , believes the rivalry at the top of the men 's game , with Roger Federer , Novak Djokovic and Rafael Nadal being joined by Murray to form an invincible "  Big Four " , is responsible for the sport 's resilience in the face of difficult times . Golden opportunity "  Tennis has this golden opportunity with the players you have got at the top of the game . We did n't have that five years ago , " the Times journalist told CNN . And it 's not just the men 's game that is on an upward trajectory . "  I have just come from Istanbul  venue for the season-ending WTA Championships  where the semifinal and final saw 16 and a half thousand people crammed inside the stadium . " "  The fact is that women 's tennis has two iconic figures at the top in Serena Williams and Maria Sharapova -- it 's a potent combination . " The success of the respective men 's and women 's tours is matched and in many ways surpassed by the four grand slams , with ambitious expansion plans in place for Roland Garros , home of the French Open , and Flushing Meadows , which stages the U.S. Open . Prize money increases The Australian Open , first on the calendar in January , recently announced record prize money of $ 30.68 million for 2013 , up by $ 4.13 m . The eight singles players and top eight doubles pairings in London will share out $ 5.5 million between them , rising to $ 6.5 million by 2014 , but the likes of Djokovic and Federer , who is president of the ATP Player Council , flexed their industrial muscle this year to demand a more equitable share out of the cash at the slams for lower ranked players . There was fleeting talk of a strike ahead of the Australian Open if demands were not met and the issue remains a cloud on the horizon on an otherwise sunny sky . "  The future is incredibly bright for men 's tennis , " foresees Drewett , a 54-year-old Australian , who was a former top 40 player himself . The ATP World Tour Finals is the icing on the cake at the end of a long season , with qualification in the singles and doubles the main goal for the game 's elite when they begin their 10-month season . Permanent home It 's essentially the fifth grand slam and both Becker and Harman believe it will benefit from finding a permanent home in London , extended past 2015 . "  It 's absolutely astonishing what has been achieved , what they have done with the stadium , the players all love it , " said Harman . Former grand slam finalist Greg Rusedski , working for British television at the event , agreed . "  I made two appearances in this tournament in Hanover in the 1990s but this has moved on to another level . " "  They have sought to find a proper home for this event , " said Harman . "  And there 's not been a proper home since Madison Square Garden in the 1980s . " Becker would like to see a permanent move : "  Tennis is a sport which needs consistency and the reason the grand slams are so successful is everyone knows that at a certain time of the year in a certain place the big stars will turn up , " he said . Rusedski can also see no reason to move while the Paris Masters occupies its present place in the calendar . "  Players will not want to travel to Rio de Janiero , which has been touted as venue , at the end of a long season , " he said . Special setting It 's a potent mix of setting and razzmatazz which defines the O2 experience for the crowd , with players emerging like gladiators to loud music and special effects . From Rihanna to Rafael Nadal : Tennis ' popstar makeover Once the action is underway the crowd is kept in darkness , similar to watching a football match under floodlights , but they are kept in touch with match statistics and disputed line call replays on a giant four-sided screen above the court . Aces , set and match points are signaled by a moving graphic display which circles the entire arena . "  I have been to the Masters Series events in the States and grand slams but for setting this beats them all , " said Sloss . "  It 's a fun arena to play in , " Murray told gathered reporters after news of the two-year extension emerged . "  I think it works very well just now . " His rivalry with Djokovic promises to light up arenas around the world over the next few years . "  Novak and Andy are two amazingly gifted athletes , and their talent and potential is limitless , " said Drewett . "  However , the game has never been more competitive and if you can get to the top , staying there is more difficult than ever . " . The chief of the men 's game will be hoping that Federer continues his late career heroics , beaten by Djokovic in a classic 2012 final , and that Nadal recovers from his injury problems for 2013 . It 's that ever shifting battle for supremacy , echoed in the women 's game , which appears to drive interest and keep tennis immune from the problems which have afflicted other sports in tough times .	ATP World Tour Finals has attracted capacity crowds in London London confirmed as venue for ATP showpiece through 2015 Tennis has ridden economic downturn with record prize money on offer International appeal of stars such as Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova cited
CNN  -- A fixture of the presidential race has been Mitt Romney 's 47 % problem : Those Americans who do n't pay federal income tax that Romney has described as freeloaders . Of course , Romney has retracted his remark . But if he still wants to attack those who freeload off of U.S. taxpayers , there is a better target : Our wealthy overseas allies . Forty-seven percent is also roughly the U.S. share of global military spending . Our annual $ 700 billion-plus military budget exceeds the next 10 biggest military budgets combined . Much of that money buys forces needed to defend allies against threats they could afford to meet themselves . Alliances that once served the U.S. national interest have become a subsidy to rich allies . In a recent foreign policy speech , Romney noted that only three of the 28 NATO allies meet their commitment to spend 2 % of their GDP on defense . He promises to fix that by asking our allies to honor their commitment to security spending . But the Europeans have grown adept at keeping a straight face while ignoring such lectures . If Romney wants them to do more , he should suggest giving them less -- a logic he appreciates in domestic contexts . The same would apply to the Japanese , South Koreans and various others we defend . Some allies , especially in Asia , might increase military spending . Others , noting less danger and bulging debts , may not . Washington is not the best judge of others ' needs . But with fewer commitments , we can maintain fewer forces and lower future military costs , which means more savings for U.S. taxpayers . As long as the United States bears the lion 's share of global defenses , our allies have little incentive to do more . As we saw in Libya in 2011 , the U.S. Air Force enabled NATO 's intervention by providing air refueling , intelligence and precision strike capability . Our combat-tested Army and Marine Corps are the envy of their counterparts around the world , many of whom they train . Our special operations forces track terrorists everywhere . Romney complains that our Navy has fewer ships than before World War I but fails to mention that it is far bigger than any other fleet and is the police force of the global seas . Romney has insisted that U.S. exceptionalism compels us to steady alliances , settle regional disputes and forcefully promote democracy everywhere . But he has reversed the idea of U.S. exceptionalism . Early American leaders thought that the nation 's virtue lay in liberal values and the example America sets . For them , U.S. exceptionalism had nothing to do with military adventurism . Permanent allies might drag us into others ' disputes , imperiling liberalism by centralizing power in the presidency and requiring a massive military establishment . Similar worries encouraged President Eisenhower 's push to keep our commitments to allies temporary . In 1953 , Western Europe and Japan were still recovering from World War II and South Korea , with our help , was still fighting the North and its Chinese allies . U.S. commitments to defend those nations came from fear that the Soviet Union would capitalize on their weakness , through conquest or internal intrigue , and gather enough strength to threaten us directly . Those allies long ago grew rich enough to defend themselves , and the Soviet Union has been history for decades . The European Union collectively has a population and economy larger than ours . But while Americans spend about $ 2,700 per capita annually on the military , NATO allies average around $ 500 . More than 20 years after the end of the Cold War , Europeans sit in cafes while over 80,000 American service personnel still help guard Europe against Russia , which now has a GDP around the size of Spain and Portugal combined . Sixty years after the end of Korean War , nearly 30,000 American forces still shield the South against a Northern neighbor with a 25th of its wealth and half its population . We have almost 50,000 troops in Japan almost 70 years after its surrender . Japan spends only about 1 % of its GDP on its military , provides no troops to help stabilize Afghanistan , but insists that U.S. Marines defend their every rocky island in a possible dispute with China . Romney still has time to change his mind on this issue . Rather than lecturing our allies about their responsibilities , we should kick them off the dole , rescinding commitments to their defense and removing troops from their shores . This is a problem that any president faces , including President Obama . But Romney may make the problem worse through his proposed increase in military spending . If that seems chintzy , remember that there is virtue in economy and that we have needier causes at home , starting with the deficit . That tack might also prove politically useful : polls show that Americans would prefer to do less for rich allies . And foreign freeloaders ca n't vote . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Harvey Sapolsky and Benjamin Friedman .	Harvey Sapolsky , Benjamin Friedman : Our annual military budget is large Sapolsky , Friedman : Mitt Romney should suggest less military spending on our allies They say our allies are rich enough to defend themselves instead of relying on the U.S. Sapolsky , Friedman : Lower military costs will mean more savings for U.S. taxpayers
Las Vegas  CNN  -- Mirna Castaneda pays close attention to the instructor showing her the best way to make a bed . "  This crest is very important " said the instructor in Spanish as Castaneda makes a double fold on the upper edge of the white bedsheets , then carefully tops it with a few pillows . It 's not as if Castaneda does n't know how to make a bed that a Las Vegas visitor can gleefully climb into after a day -- or night -- out on the town . She has already spent five years working at different hotels , but this training is required for her new job this time as a member of the Culinary Workers Union . "  They offer really good benefits I did n't have before and the pay is also better , " she said . Her training takes place at the union 's Culinary Training Academy , where job seekers learn everything needed to work on the Strip , from loading a dishwasher to vacuuming floors and waiting tables to the finer details of gourmet cooking . It also provides the experience required by the hotels and casinos . Completion of the course at the academy is the equivalent of one year of experience on the job . Why Nevada 's Latino vote could make the difference in the 2012 election That makes all the difference in the world for people like Jazmin Rivera , 21 , who is hoping to land a job as a busboy . She says she has had a hard time finding a job since her employment as a census worker ended last year . But for Castaneda and Rivera , their union membership could provide more than a steady job with benefits . They could be getting a political education , too . "  We spend almost a full year before the election making sure all of our members are registered to vote , " said Yvanna Cancela , the political director for the Culinary Workers Union Local 226 . Cancela said the union also encourages and assists in navigating the citizenship process for members who qualify . That is a big deal for the Latino members of the union , who according to Cancela make up more than 35 % of the Las Vegas membership . As it did in most states , the Hispanic population exploded in Nevada over the past decade . According to the census , 26 % of the more than 2.7 million state residents have Latino heritage . Both parties rolling the dice in Nevada With the strength in numbers comes political muscle . State politicians are locked in a battle to draw new congressional districts that best reflect Latino representation . Democrats favor spreading Hispanics into three districts , arguing that would give them more clout in more places . Republicans , led by Gov. Brian Sandoval , want a Hispanic majority district , saying the time has come for Latinos to have a better chance of sending one of their own to represent them in Washington . The process is now in the hands of a three-person panel appointed by a federal judge and charged with solving the stalemate . Latinos are already making their mark in politics . They are credited with saving the seat of Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , a Democrat , in the midterm elections . They helped then-Sen . Barack Obama beat Hillary Clinton in the 2008 Nevada presidential primary . Cuban-born Griselda Marino is one of those who caucused for President Obama . "  It was very interesting to participate , especially for someone like me who came from another country and had different views of the political process , " she said . Marino joined the union 13 years ago , two years after she arrived in the United States . She said the union helped her register to vote as soon as she became a U.S. citizen . "  It is a great responsibility we all have , especially those who came from other countries , because we have to make sure our voice is also heard , " she said . Marino said she hopes her example inspires people like Castaneda , who is more focused on getting health insurance for her family than thinking about who is running for office . "  I keep politics on the side , " Castaneda said . Marino and the members of Local 226 will have a chance to flex their political muscle in January when Nevada holds one of the earlier caucuses in the presidential selection process . It could also be a preview of the role the Latino vote will have in November 2012 .	Unions in the West play dual role for many Latinos : professional training and political activism They have helped members navigate the path to U.S. citizenship Republicans , Democrats are battling over who gets to represent the fastest growing U.S. group
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe President Robert Mugabe published a draft constitutional amendment in the government gazette Saturday , paving the way for the power-sharing agreement reached after violence disrupted this year 's presidential election . President Robert Mugabe , left , and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed the deal in July . Constitutional Amendment 19 details the posts and institutions that were created by the power-sharing deal , including the position of prime minister intended for Morgan Tsvangirai , leader of the Movement for Democratic Change . The publication of the draft is the first step in creating a law in Zimbabwe . For the law to pass , it must be appear before parliament in 30 days , according to the country 's constitution . If it is approved , it will be sent to Mugabe for his signature . The deal arose after Tsvangirai withdrew from a June 27 runoff days before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had waged a campaign of violence and intimidation against opposition supporters . The two leaders signed the initial agreement , brokered by former South African President Thabo Mbeki , in July but have failed to agree on how to form a cabinet . The MDC , the main opposition party , noted that Mugabe 's latest move does not legalize the amendment . "  Gazetting the bill -- which was done by -LSB- Mugabe 's party -RSB- Zanu-PF -- does not automatically translate into passing it into law , " MDC spokesman Nelson Chamisa said . "  That can only take place if outstanding issues have been addressed . Otherwise we will not support the bill . " The two parties agreed last month to the draft amendment during talks in South Africa , but Chamisa warned then that problems remained . "  We have differed with Zanu-PF for a long time while the citizens suffer , but fortunately we have agreed on something . I need to hasten to mention that we still have some outstanding issues , such as the cabinet , appointment of diplomats , " he said in late November . Zanu-PF lost its majority in the parliament in the March elections . As no party has the two-thirds majority to pass the law , its passage relies on MDC support . If parliament does not approve the amendment , Mugabe may call for new elections , Zimbabwe Justice Minister Patrick Chinamasa told state-run daily newspaper The Herald . "  I envisage that it will require two weeks for it to be debated and passed through both Houses . If no support is forthcoming , it means that Amendment Number 19 Bill will be dead matter , " Chinamasa is quoted as saying The Herald . "  In the event that the collaboration that we envisage is not forthcoming , then that will necessitate fresh harmonized elections at some point in time , " he said , according to The Herald . Tsvangirai won the most votes in the March election , but not enough to avoid a runoff , according to the government 's official count . South African President Kgalema Motlanthe , chairman of the Southern African Development Community , welcomed the draft . "  The gazetting of Amendment 19 of the Zimbabwean Constitution is indeed a major step towards the formation of an inclusive government in Zimbabwe , " he said in a written statement . "  We urge the Zimbabwean political parties to establish an inclusive government . " Meanwhile , the country is battling a cholera outbreak that has killed nearly 800 people since August , according to the World Health Organization . More than 16,000 people have been infected , WHO said . This week , Mugabe declared that "  there is no cholera in the country . " His spokesman later said Mugabe was sarcastically ridiculing what he believes are Western designs to invade the country . Another Zimbabwean official , Information Minister Sikhanyiso Ndlovu , said Friday that the disease was a "  calculated , racist attack on Zimbabwe by the unrepentant former colonial power , which has enlisted support from its American and Western allies so that they can invade the country . " Britain ruled the country as a colony until 1965 . Ndlovu 's claims triggered quick and pointed reaction from Britain and the United States . In Washington , State Department spokesman Rob McInturff called Ndlovu 's accusations "  patently ridiculous . "	Amendment paves way for power-sharing deal after violence disturbed election President Robert Mugabe , MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai signed deal in July Amendment describes prime minister post intended for opposition leader Tsvangirai Parliament must approve amendment before Mugabe can sign it into effect
MOSCOW , Russia  CNN  -- They headed to the U.S. Embassy in Moscow after news broke that Michael Jackson had died . And they 're still coming . Alexandra Belayeva , left , and Zhenya Iordanskaya visit the Michael Jackson memorial in Moscow . Young Russian fans , some of whom do n't even speak English , bring homemade signs , pictures and drawings of Jackson , Russian religious icons , candles , teddy bears -- all signs of how much they loved the singer . "  At first I could n't believe it had happened , " 23-year-old Zhenya Iordanskaya said . "  I thought it was another rumor . My friend told me about it , and then I saw it on TV , on every channel . I was really in shock . And I still ca n't believe it . " Iordanskaya was standing in the rain Sunday with her friend Alexandra Belayeva , 20 , looking at the shrine Jackson 's fans have erected along the fence in front of the Embassy . Iordanskaya says she was 8 when she first heard "  Black or White . " "  I did n't understand English , but the faces of all the different people really inspired me . And the fact that he dealt with all these issues , you really have to give him credit for that , " Iordanskaya said . Belayeva says she became a fan about three years ago . "  The way he lived his creative live really inspired me , " she said . "  I really got into him as a person . Because you can really see the soul of a person in their creativity , ca n't you ? It was such a shame that people put him down so much . " Belayeva says she 's still in shock over Jackson 's death at his California home on June 25 . "  When I heard he had died , I really could n't believe it . He was so close to us . Not one of us , but so close . He was unbelievably kind . "  It 's so sad to lose a person like him . It 's also so sad that he was so alone at the end of his life . People did n't understand him . But at least they recognized his genius during his life . Sometimes that does n't happen . " Iordanskaya and Belayeva love to dance , and when they saw "  Dangerous , " they knew they had to try it out . "  We studied his moves in that for days ! We practiced . We really loved it ! " I ask the women to name their favorite Jackson songs . They roll their eyes . Where do you start ? Iordanskaya starts with "  Liberian Girl . " "  Also ` Earth Song . ' " "  It 's really powerful , " she said , "  the energy and the lyrics ! " On a rainy , cold day in Moscow , Iordanskaya and Belayeva say they still cry thinking that Jackson is no longer on Earth . In the garden of flowers and mementos that sprouted almost overnight in front of the U.S. Embassy , next to eight flickering votive candles that make you feel as if you are in a Russian church , one fan has written a poem : "  You 're an angel flying into the distance , you 're an angel , a carefree angel , flying into the distance . "	Young Russian fans erect memorial to pop star outside U.S. Embassy in Moscow Zhenya Iordanskaya , 23 , says she is still in shock over the death of the pop star Makeshift shrine includes homemade drawings , Russian religious icons , candles
Washington  CNN  -- A malfunctioning launch control center for a portion of the nation 's nuclear missiles remained offline Wednesday as investigations continued into a weekend computer problem that disrupted communications with more than 10 percent of America 's land-based nuclear missiles . Early indications are that Saturday 's disruption to one of the launch control centers linked to Warren Air Force Base in Wyoming lasted longer than an hour , Lt. Col. John Thomas said . The problem appears to be very similar to glitches at two other nuclear missile sites in the late 1990s . The United States has 450 land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles in its nuclear arsenal . The 50 Minuteman III missiles involved in Saturday 's incident are all currently at "  normal operating capability , " said Thomas , the director of public affairs for the Air Force 's Global Strike Command . But while those missiles are typically controlled by five underground launch control centers , only four are currently online , he added . The fifth control center remains offline and is believed to be the source of a computer hardware problem that caused a communications disruption Saturday . It has been electronically isolated from the launch system while the problem is investigated and solved , Thomas said . It 's not unusual for a missile squadron to take one of its five launch control centers out of service to perform maintenance , Thomas explained . In fact , he said , an entire squadron of missiles can be controlled by just one control center or even from a command aircraft flying nearby . Thomas said that as soon as computer messages started telling the squadron commanders at Warren Air Force Base that a problem existed over the weekend , closed-circuit television security cameras were used to check each silo and make sure no obvious problems existed . Then , Air Force personnel from Warren were sent to all 50 silos , in a "  not insignificant effort , " to visually inspect them and make sure they were secure . Some of the missile silos are hundreds of miles from the base . The investigation is still going on , Thomas said , but early indications are that a computer component on the fifth launch control center continually tried to communicate with the missiles in the silos when it was n't supposed to . He compared it to five people with walkie-talkies and one of them sitting on the button , making it impossible for the other four to use theirs . Once the fifth launch control center was isolated , the other four established communications with all 50 missiles , and the squadron was back to normal , Thomas explained . The process of isolating the problem and getting the other control centers linked back to the missiles took more than an hour , he said . Because of redundancies in the nuclear force , several military officials have said , the president always had the ability to order the missiles to launch . As for the cause , Thomas said it appears the computer hardware problem is very similar to problems in the late 1990s at the two other Air Force bases that control America 's intercontinental ballistic missile forces : Minot Air Force Base in North Dakota and Malstrom Air Force Base in Montana . The circumstances of those incidents were much like what happened at the Warren base , he said . The Air Force and Strategic Command , which would take charge of the missiles if the president were ready to launch them , is investigating the incident . Thomas said that right now , investigators are "  not ruling anything out . " But he said there is "  no indication of intentional of malicious activity . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates is monitoring those investigations closely , Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said .	One launch control center for the nation 's nuclear missiles is offline The problem began over the weekend The United States has 450 land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo provided the perfect riposte to FIFA president Sepp Blatter after scoring a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Sevilla 7-3 on a night when Gareth Bale grabbed his first goals at the Bernabeu . Days after Blatter had made a bizarre impersonation of the Portuguese while saying the star spent "  a lot of money at the hairdressers " , the 28-year-old scored his third career hat-trick against Sevilla to go top of the scoring charts in Spain with 11 goals . He celebrated his first goal from the penalty spot with a military salute in a mocking response to Blatter 's description of him as a "  commander " last week . The absorbing victory also allowed Real to put Saturday 's defeat by Barcelona behind them , not just because of the three points but also because Bale , the most expensive footballer in history , began to repay some of his fee . Making his first start as a home player at the legendary Bernabeu , the Welshman scored twice , made another two and also managed to complete his first 90 minutes in his seventh appearance for Madrid . Despite Bale 's largely anonymous display at Camp Nou , which was blamed on a lack of match practice , Real coach Carlo Ancelotti was wholly vindicated by his decision to keep faith in the 24-year-old , who curled home a fine opener before a free-kick was deflected in as he handed Real a 2-0 lead . On a satisfying night for the hosts , for whom substitute Xabi Alonso made his first appearance of the season after injury , Karim Benzema also grabbed a brace as Real moved up to third in the table , six points behind Barca . Sevilla were reduced to 10 men late on when Stephane Mbia received his second yellow card . In Italy , both Napoli and Juventus closed the gap on Roma to just two points , but the league leaders can extend their lead -- and register a perfect 10 victories from their opening 10 league games -- when hosting bottom side Chievo on Thursday . Goals from Jose Maria Callejon and Dries Mertens helped Napoli win 2-1 at Fiorentina , with both sides reduced to 10 men late on , while Andrea Pirlo and Carlos Tevez were among the goals as Juventus thumped Catania 4-0 at home . Elsewhere , Brazilian Kaka scored his first goal since returning for AC Milan as the seven-time European champions were held to a 1-1 draw by visitors Lazio . One of the most surprising results of the night came in France , where big spending Monaco suffered their first defeat of the season at the hands of fellow Ligue 1 side Reims in the League Cup . Fielding a weakened side that was deprived of the suspended Radamel Falcao , Monaco were knocked out of the cup after suffering their first defeat since May -- as midfielder Antoine Devaux fired home in the first half . Claudio Ranieri 's side travel to Lille , who have not conceded a goal in six league games , at the weekend in a battle of the two sides immediately behind Paris Saint-Germain at the top of the table . In England , Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester City both progressed to the quarterfinals with respective victories over Hull City and Newcastle United . City won 2-0 in extra-time thanks to goals from Alvaro Negredo and Edin Dzeko , while Spurs won through 8-7 on penalties after drawing 2-2 at home against Hull . Spurs ' win capped a miserable week in London for Egypt 's Ahmed Elmohamady , who missed the decisive penalty just days after being penalized for a harsh handball in Tottenham 's 1-0 league win against the same opponents on Saturday .	Ronaldo hits a hat-trick and Bale a double as Real Madrid beat Sevilla 7-3 Napoli and Juventus close the gap on league leaders Roma in Italy Monaco suffer first defeat of the season in French League Cup
CNN  -- A recent commentary by James Walker in CNN.com 's opinion section grossly mischaracterized the cruise industry 's practices and record , claiming that the industry is "  largely unregulated " and "  largely accountable to countries like Panama or the Bahamas . " Nothing could be further from the truth . Essentially every aspect of the cruise industry is heavily regulated and monitored under national and international maritime laws for many purposes , the most important of which is to protect the safety of passengers and crew . A U.N. agency -- the International Maritime Organization -- mandates global standards for the safe operation of cruise ships through its 170-member governments , including the United States . These regulations are extensive and wide-ranging . They start with the design and construction of the ship and extend to the operation of the vessel , the emergency equipment on board , and scenarios for emergency situations , including the evacuation of a ship . Regulation of the cruise industry involves many levels of enforcement -- the international ; the flag state or the flag of the country that the ship is registered in ; and the port state  the country a ship is visiting . For example , cruise ships that operate from U.S. ports are subject to strict U.S oversight and enforcement of international laws and regulations as well as all applicable federal laws of the United States . This oversight enforcement is carried out primarily by the U.S. Coast Guard . Opinion : What cruise lines do n't want you to know Most significantly , this means that any ship entering a U.S. port , no matter what country 's flag it sails under , is subject to U.S. Coast Guard examination for compliance with international and applicable U.S. regulatory standards , especially those related to safety . The coast safety regulation enforcement of the U.S. Coast Guard begins at the concept or design stage for new cruise ships and continues throughout the ship 's entire time of service . At any time , the responsible Coast Guard captain of a port can prevent any cruise ship from departing if a serious violation of any regulation is found or any dangerous condition exists . Contrary to what the op-ed 's author says , significant fires on board ships are rare . The global cruise industry has robust regulatory measures to protect passengers and crew . Fire safety regulations are continuously enhanced and have reduced the frequency and severity of fires . The last major overhaul of fire safety regulations entered into force in 2010 , and those regulations remain the subject of continuous review and updating . Every oceangoing ship in the Cruise Line International Association fleet must carry firefighting teams made up of crew members . They receive formal firefighting training and regular drills to ensure a rapid response in the unlikely event of a fire . The average oceangoing cruise ship has about 4,000 smoke detectors , 500 fire extinguishers , 16 miles of sprinkler piping , 5,000 sprinkler heads and six miles of fire hose . Opinion : My celebration trip on the Carnival Triumph Jobs in the cruise industry are highly sought after , and crew members have opportunities for career advancement . The industry offers opportunities not available for many crew members in their home countries , allowing them to support families , pay for college and even start their own businesses . Beyond wages , crew members are provided free room and board in a clean , well-maintained environment . They receive cruise-line sponsored medical care at no cost . And the cruise industry maintains strict workplace standards set by the International Maritime Organization and the International Labor Organization -- both U.N. agencies . The cruise industry also takes steps to prevent its people from bringing norovirus , which causes gastrointestinal illness , on board . About 10.3 million passengers embarked on Cruise Lines International Association ships from a U.S. port in 2012 . There were 16 cases of cruise ship norovirus outbreaks reported to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention last year , involving about 2,600 passengers out of those 10.3 million . To put this in perspective , the CDC reports norovirus causes about 20 million cases of gastroenteritis a year . Opinion : How Carnival can clean up the PR mess The cruise industry is subject to strict international regulation and oversight and fully promotes policies and practices that foster a safe , secure and healthy cruise ship environment . There 's no doubt that cruising is one of the safest , affordable and enjoyable vacation experiences available today , which explains why a record 20.6 million passengers worldwide enjoyed a cruise vacation in 2011 . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bud Darr .	Bud Darr objects to op-ed that criticized cruise industry He says the industry is heavily regulated and monitored under maritime laws Cruise ships entering U.S. ports must be examined by Coast Guard , he says Despite headlines and criticism , fires and illnesses are rare on ships , Darr says
ATHENS , Greece  CNN  -- Fires in southern Greece that have razed dozens of villages and killed at least 44 people may have been deliberately set ahead of next month 's national elections , the prime minister suggested Saturday . A fire burns in the Mesohoria area on Evia Island , northeast of Athens . Prime Minister Kostas Karamanlis declared a nationwide state of emergency Saturday night . He also turned to European Union allies , which have promised help . Emergency crews pulled charred bodies from homes and local media reported death tolls of up to 50 people . Scores are hospitalized with severe burns and respiratory problems , state-run television reported . Although the fires were concentrated in the southern Peloponnese region , heavy smoke billowing Saturday afternoon above Mount Hymettus , southeast of Athens , signaled a new fire . It was burning close to Athens International Airport , forcing officials to close a highway . In a nationally televised address , Karamanlis suggested the blazes might have been set by political extremists , disrupting political campaigning . "  So many fires sparked simultaneously in so many places is no coincidence , " Karamanlis said , and vowed to punish those responsible . Many firefighters told CNN they are suspicious of the fire 's source , given several witness reports that the blazes cropped up simultaneously along a 20-kilometer  12-mile  front of lush greenery in southern Greece . The prime minister described the situation as a "  battle that has to be won , " and ordered all resources mobilized to fight the fires . He also announced that a fund has been set up for fire victims and their families , and an assessment of the disaster will be made . The most devastated area stretches for 80 kilometers  50 miles  from the western towns of the Zaharo , within the highlands of the western Peloponnese , to the southern tip of the peninsula , Mani . In the past 24 hours , hundreds of firefighters , soldiers , and planes loaded with water have been battling the infernos on a dozen fronts , authorities said . Yet , despite their efforts , officials said the flames had not been tamed . "  Our emergency services are overstretched and it is humanly impossible to battle this force of nature , " a top fire official told CNN . An EU statement said 30 member countries had offered assistance . France on Saturday was slated to send two planes to help quell the fires , and Norway and Germany pledged to send aircraft as well . A sweltering heat wave in Greece has parched forests and scrubland . With intense winds fanning the flames , authorities call this the country 's worst fire season on record . Since June , more than 3,000 fires have razed thousands of hectares of forests and scrubland across the country -- nearly triple last year 's total -- according to officials . A mother , her child and at least seven other people died fleeing burning woods in the mountainous villages in western Peloponnese , near the town of Zaharo , according to a fire department official . Farther south , six people -- including two French tourists found by rescue crews in an embrace -- were killed in a forest fire that swept near their hotel in the town of Areopolis , located 190 kilometers  120 miles  southwest of Athens . Greece 's elections are set for September 16 . The ruling party has called for a temporary suspension of political campaigning as a sign of respect to those who died in the flames , and flags on government buildings were flying Saturday at half staff . E-mail to a friend Journalist Anthee Carassava contributed to this report	NEW : Greek government declares a state of emergency for the entire country NEW : Death toll revised to 44 for fires sweeping southern Greece European Union says 30 member countries have offered help
CNN  She could n't read and she could n't write . She was remarkably bad at public speaking . Yet mention the name "  Laika " to any Russian of a certain age , and their eyes will light up with patriotic fervor . Laika was , of course , a dog . Or to be precise , the first dog to be sent into orbit . "  There was this whole propaganda industry built around Laika and her canine comrades , " says Damon Murray , editor of the new book Soviet Space Dogs . "  Pictures of the dogs appeared on children 's books , posters , toys , stamps , matchboxes , postcards , all over . It was a real cult thing . " Dogs or monkeys ? Murray 's book draws together a collection of ephemera from the period , providing a window into the eccentric world of pop art from the USSR . The Americans used monkeys for space exploration . In the early decades of the Russian space project , however , it was decided that dogs would be preferable . "  Initially they found it simply easier , " says Murray . "  There were plenty of dogs around . Russian scientists took strays off the streets and trained them . It was found that monkeys were harder to train , even if they were closer to humans in their genetic make-up . "  Towards the end of the space program , the Russians moved over to monkeys as well . But it 's the dogs that are remembered as heroes . " How a mongrel dog became a Soviet icon The way that this came about owes as much to serendipity as it does to the Soviet propaganda machine . When Laika , a stray mongrel plucked from obscurity , was launched into space on 3 November 1957 , the Russian scientists had given no thought to her re-entry . It was simply accepted that she would die in space . This , however , provoked an unexpected outcry from the Europeans . "  Dog lovers across the world were up in arms about it , " Murray says . "  Western countries saw it as a dog being exploited . To get around this issue , the Soviets canonized her , making her a hero who had sacrificed herself for the greater good of her country . " The birth of a canine hero The Soviet artists were drafted in , and soon depictions of the space-going dog gazing nobly towards the horizon were ubiquitous . The fact that she was from low-born origins only compounded the appeal of the myth : Laika might not have been human , but she was cast as a genuine proletarian hero . To this day , the images of the Soviet space dogs have lost none of their aesthetic impact . "  It 's a weird combination of ideology and dogs , " says Murray . "  The images have a very nostalgic quality . At the same time , there 's this tragic edge because the dogs came from nothing and were eaten up by the Soviet space machine . " Photos that make you question reality Battersea Power Station and the renovation debate Astonishing sculptures made from nothing but plain paper	A new book provides an insight into the bizarre world of Soviet space dogs The first living creature to be sent into orbit was Laika , a stray dog from Moscow The Russian dogs became propaganda icons , portrayed as sacrificing themselves for the good of the USSR The Soviets switched to monkeys in the Eighties , but it is the iconography of the dogs that is the most enduring
CNN  -- Karen Klein is probably not the first face that comes to mind when you think of a poster child for bullying . Yet there she was , sitting in the back of Bus 784 as it rolled through the streets of Greece , New York , on Monday afternoon . Four middle school boys barraged her with verbal abuse , jabbing her about her weight , attacking her family and chuckling as they made violent and graphic threats . Except for a few even-keeled retorts , the 68-year-old bus monitor brushed sweat from her brow and remained quiet , peering up front and out her window , seemingly waiting for her hellish ride to end . Her suffering may have gone unnoticed had not one of the young teenagers posted a 10-minute video of the harassment on YouTube . By Wednesday , police were interviewing Klein and her alleged verbal abusers . And by the next day , as the video began going viral , she had become a cause cÃ © lÃ ¨ bre . Her torment became a prism through which total strangers the world round characterized her experience as symbolic of everything wrong with modern-day parenting , children and more . Beyond anger , some expressed sadness for the seemingly defenseless older woman who , they felt , bravely suffered the slings and arrows flung at her for no good reason at all . Klein ignored bullies , until suicide taunt "  I could n't watch the whole video -- I do n't know how you live through it , " wrote one woman , Marykate , in an online post . "  God bless , you are my hero . " Yet bad things happen all too routinely , with people abused and killed most every minute in most every corner of the world . So why did one grandmother 's videotaped bus ride become so engaging and emotional for thousands of people she has never met , prompting them to issue emotional pleas to police and to donate hundreds of thousands of dollars ? Count Klein among those taken aback by all the attention . After hearing from CNN 's Anderson Cooper that Southwest Airlines offered her and nine others an all-expense-paid trip to Southern California to go to Disneyland , she described it as "  awesome " but seemingly too good to be true . "  I still ca n't believe it , " she said Thursday night . "  I do n't feel like I 've done anything . " But the reaction is n't entirely surprising to Sara Hodges , a social psychology professor at the University of Oregon . The fact the attacks are so pointed and Klein 's pain so apparent makes it easy for people to identify with as she soldiers through a torrent of verbal abuse . "  It 's such a clear case of somebody who is being bullied , " said Hodges . "  She 's all alone , and she has no allies . ... And what the kids are saying is so obviously hurtful . ... It 's so compelling that you ca n't turn away . " Stranger sets up ` Kindness for Karen ' Facebook page And for all the statistics about the number of people bullied each year or perhaps news reports about elderly being targeted , people tend to respond more -- and more viscerally -- to a person being attacked and suffering with their own eyes , the professor states . "  We feel much stronger feelings for an individual than we do for ... an abstract group , " Hodges said . Max Sidorov was one of those people moved by Klein 's plight . Living in Toronto , he 'd never met her but said the YouTube video "  struck a chord with me , " a feeling that -- as someone who 'd been bullied himself -- he could n't let go of without taking action . "  I felt very sad for Karen , and I felt I had to do something to support her in this time , " he said . His first thought was to raise money through the site indiegogo.com , hopefully enough "  to get her away from the environment and get her on vacation somewhere . " So he set up the site , hoping to amass $ 5,000 over the next month . By late Friday afternoon , that fund had more than $ 545,000 . Family of bullied bus monitor asks for threats against students to stop Donors like Marykate gave not only their money but their heartfelt support for Klein in remarks posted on the website . "  Karen , I am so sorry that these children were so mean to you , " wrote one commenter named Mary . Added a man , identified as W. Ronald , "  I hope the recognition that thousands and thousands of people heartily dislike what those children did helps you feel a little better . " Yet many on that site , as well as CNN.com 's story -- which was shared on Facebook by more than 35,000 people as of Thursday night and had more than 6,300 comments -- levied blame , as much as they offered support . Many chastised modern-day children and parenting for fostering such behavior . Some criticized the bus driver for not halting the verbal abuse , even though Greece Police Capt. Steve Chatterton stressed that it took place on the back of a noisy bus , far from the driver . And a few even singled out Klein for not being more forthright to stop it . When a bullied kid grows up "  Children have no respect because they are not taught to respect , " a CNN.com commenter with the handle Rahzmahm wrote . "  Ask the nearest child to you the meaning of the word and you probably would not get a sufficient answer . " Police and town leaders in Greece -- a community that has nearly 100,000 residents , three school districts and nearly 42 square miles of area yet still proudly sees itself as a town , one where things like this just do n't happen -- talked about being peppered with messages from around the world decrying the episode . While condemning the outrage , town Supervisor John Auberger tried to assure people that these four boys did n't represent the entire community . He described his "  town " as a place full of people "  who are kind , respectful neighbors and hardworking , " much like Klein . Online and in messages to school and police officials , many demanded that the youngsters overheard in the video be arrested . Chatterton said he 's "  gotten e-mails from the United Kingdom  and  from all over the United States saying prosecute , prosecute . " "  I feel it . I feel it , " he said . "  But we have to follow the law . We ca n't tailor the law to meet this case because of public outrage . " Teen says bullies beat him , sues New York . schools Police also said the seventh-graders had received death threats from people near and far . For example , Chatterton said , one of their cell phones "  had over 1,000 missed calls and 1,000 text messages threatening him . And he is a 13-year-old . " Hodges , the University of Oregon professor , said she 's not surprised by the communal desire for justice . She said this could be explained through the "  just-world hypothesis , " the belief that people think the world should be good -- and when it is not , especially when a blameless and vulnerable person suffers as a result , someone needs to be punished . "  Clearly , something is wrong , this should n't be happening , " Hodges said . "  There 's a sense somebody needs to be blamed . ... People feel the need to balance the scope . " One person not calling for the four boys to be thrown behind bars is Klein . The bus monitor said that , right now at least , she does not want police to pursue criminal charges . But Klein would like to see them banned from the bus and athletic activities and , most of all , wants to make sure they do n't bully anyone else . "  I want to make sure that they never do this again , to anybody , " she said . What would you do with a mean kid ?	Video shows middle school boys harassing a New York bus monitor Her story goes viral , with many condemning the boys and praising her An expert says people identify with an individual suffering , as in this case Others believe in a "  just world " and want to find someone to blame
Bangkok  CNN  -- It 's a life experience nobody would want to endure -- attending your child 's funeral . But that 's what some parents have had to do in Thailand in recent days , as the country 's anti-government unrest has taken an increasingly ugly , more violent turn with children killed or injured , their tiny bodies maimed and turned lifeless by shrapnel or gunshots . A six-year-old-girl , a four-year-old boy and a woman of about 40 died when a grenade detonated at an anti-government rally outside a shopping mall in the Ratchaprasong area of Bangkok . A five-year-old girl was killed by a stray bullet when attackers opened fire on an anti-government demonstration in eastern Trat province . The two youngsters in the capital were siblings , the children of a working-class family . The father , Thayakorn Yotubon , works as a personal assistant and driver -- he told me he spent every single night with his children and would never leave them alone . In one of the photographs at his children 's funeral , the little girl , nicknamed by her family as "  Cake , "  the brother was known as "  Kane "  is wearing a t-shirt that says "  I love Papa . " "  She asked me to buy it for her to wear on Fathers ' Day , " he told me , tears rolling down his face . Special day out The day they were caught in the attack was a special day out because their aunt was visiting from out of town . She had brought Cake , Kane and her son out for a treat to the local shopping mall . They were waiting for a tuk-tuk -- a rickshaw taxi -- when a grenade was thrown into the crowds close to an anti-government rally outside the mall . Cake and Kane died from their injuries . Their cousin , who is 8-years old , is in critical condition in a hospital . We found his small , blood-drenched baseball cap at the scene . I have been covering the Thai unrest story from various protest sites , especially outside government buildings , but this time it was at the funeral of two young children . As we looked on and filmed , I questioned if we should be there -- if we should be filming their grief . But the family invited the cameras in . They did n't stop us and all spoke to my team . Despite my moment of doubt , I knew this was an important aspect of this whole story that needs to be shown to those involved . As Thayakorn so clearly put it : "  My kids were just children , sweet children . They were too young , they should not have done this to them ... They were just innocent children , they had nothing to do with this  political issue  . " What 's behind the Thai unrest ? Their mother seated towards the back , was unable to bring herself to lift her head , wipe away her tears or talk to those sitting beside her . I watched as she was helped to her feet by family members , helping her take each shaky step towards her children 's bodies . "  These are not my children , " she cried . "  They do n't look like that . " Children 's bodies Her children were laid out with their bodies bandaged and stitched together , their faces without expression , without the joy and happiness their father described to me . "  They were happy , innocent and sensitive kids , " said Thayakorn . "  They loved to be around us -- their mum and dad all the time . They were sweet kids . " This was a Buddhist ceremony . During the last rites , family members pour water through the person 's hands to symbolize the return of the body to the elements . But these hands were far too tiny , far too angelic , delicate and innocent to be there . I watched as the mother struggled to perform the ceremony . She could n't look at their faces -- she would n't look -- unable to accept or bear the burden of this loss . Even the Buddhist monk appeared lost for words as he looked on . I have been told that Buddhist funerals in Thailand are often somber events , with little emotion and outward shows of grief . But the passing of two innocent children in such circumstances was too much for all in attendance . Family members and friends were so distraught they could not utter words of condolence or comfort to ease the mother and father 's pain . And when the father came to perform the rituals -- he dropped to his knees , talking to his children . Crying out in disbelief : "  You were too young to die . " In this corner of the capital , at least one family had paid too high a price for the political turmoil sweeping across the country .	Brother and sister killed in grenade attack at shopping mall in Bangkok Latest act of violence as anti-government protests in Thai turn more violent Father : They were just innocent children , they had nothing to do with this  political issue
Just in case you thought you had time to catch your breath from the culture wars , the issue of marriage for gay couples is back at the ballot box this year . On Tuesday , North Carolinians voted 61 % to 39 % to ban all forms of relationship recognition for same-sex couples . That 's right , this amendment does n't just prohibit gay marriage , it prevents the existence of civil unions and domestic partnerships under North Carolina 's Constitution . Shockingly , the state 's Republican House speaker , Thom Tillis , who was largely responsible for putting the measure on the ballot , called the anti-gay marriage initiative a generational issue and predicted that while the initiative would probably pass , it would also be repealed within 20 years . Even for most of the GOP 's old-school legislators , there is dawning understanding that opposition to freedom to marry is on the wrong side of history and damaging to the long-term , and increasingly the short-term , prospects of the GOP , especially among independent-minded younger voters . Indeed , according to Gallup , 70 % of people between the ages of 18 and 34 believe that same-sex marriage should be legal . Vote means uncertainty for North Carolina 's same sex couples In November , residents of four more states -- Maine , Maryland , Minnesota and Washington -- will voice their views on same-sex marriage at the ballot box . Voters in Minnesota will consider a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage , and in Maryland and Washington , they will probably face measures to undo new laws legalizing same-sex marriage passed by state legislatures . Maine will , for the first time in history , have the chance to vote "  yes " for a freedom to marry law . Unlike in previous years , polling shows that advocates of the freedom to marry stand a good chance to win some of these battles -- and the potential losses they would face are by much smaller margins than Americans witnessed even five years ago . While the reigning stereotype is that Republicans are opposed to gay rights , growing Republican support in state-by-state fights belies this perception . Indeed , in New Hampshire and New York , Republicans were critical to recent marriage freedom victories . And Republicans will play key supportive roles in November at the ballot box . There are tectonic shifts happening just beneath the surface within the Republican Party that have n't percolated to the national dialogue on gay rights . Efforts to support gay rights by GOP state legislators in several states are real and indicative of an increasing realization that expanding equal opportunity and freedom to gay Americans should n't be a partisan issue . Most recently , a stunning victory occurred in New Hampshire , where anti-gay forces sought to roll back the freedom to marry . After Republicans gained three-quarters supermajorities in both chambers in the 2010 elections , the National Organization for Marriage , the chief organization opposing same-sex marriage , proclaimed it was "  confident of victory " and would show "  that history is not unidirectional " on the issue . Unfortunately for them , New Hampshire Republicans who believed in the state 's "  live free or die " motto were quick to build a powerful campaign and harness the two-thirds of the public who opposed taking freedoms away and downgrading people 's families . They mobilized hundreds of civic and business leaders and thousands of citizens to make their voices heard . Not only did the Republican-controlled New Hampshire House defeat the repeal bill , it did so by a lopsided 211-116 margin . The most overlooked fact : A substantial group of Republican legislators , 109 to be exact , voted to preserve the freedom to marry in the Granite State . Despite the best efforts of the National Organization for Marriage , history is unidirectional on the issue , and the freedom to marry is a settled issue in New Hampshire . The trend toward greater acceptance is clear , irrefutable and happening on both sides of the aisle . To date , 197 Republican state legislators across the nation have stood up for the freedom to marry -- and have lived to tell the tale . Republicans put the bill on the New York state Senate floor and provided the votes needed to make same-sex marriage a reality , making it the first GOP-controlled legislative chamber in America to do so . The state senators who courageously voted for marriage risked primary opposition from anti-marriage forces but are now garnering wide support . They are well-positioned to fight single-issue attacks while running campaigns and building records of public service that respond to the core priorities of their constituents : less government , lower taxes , individual autonomy and personal responsibility .  In the interest of full disclosure , as a New York resident , I personally advocated for the passage of freedom to marry in Albany last summer . A few years ago profiles in courage like these seemed to come in ones and twos . Today , they are occurring frequently . A growing number of Republican legislators are choosing to stand on the side of freedom because they have gay and lesbian people in their lives who they care about . They 've done so because the politics has shifted dramatically , taking the peril out of following one 's conscience . They 've done so because they believe , like so many of us , that marriage is the most powerful social institution on Earth , integral to strengthening our society because it is rooted in the traditional values that strengthen our families and communities : the values of love , commitment and sacrifice . To be sure , there 's a long way to go before the Republican Party fully embraces these values and is consistent about being the party of individual freedom , but I 'm glad to see more and more of my fellow Republicans on the right side of history .	North Carolina approved measure banning same-sex marriage , domestic unions Margaret Hoover says there 's significant and growing GOP support for gay marriage Voters in other states will confront the issue this fall Hoover : Many Republicans helped preserve same-sex marriage law in New Hampshire
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. envoy will meet with North Korean officials next week to test that nation 's willingness to abandon its nuclear program , the State Department said Monday . Special Representative for North Korea Policy Glyn Davies will meet with his counterpart , North Korean First Vice Foreign Minister Kim Kye Gwan , in Beijing on February 23 , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters . Davies just returned from Russia , where he discussed continuing efforts to get North Korea to disarm . The talks will mark the first high-level contact since the death of North Korea 's longtime leader , Kim Jong Il , in December and the subsequent transition of power to his youngest son , Kim Jong Un . Washington hopes the talks signal the new regime 's desire to negotiate with the United States and address international concerns over its nuclear program . Kim 's death last month threw into flux U.S. plans for renewed diplomacy with North Korea , including formal talks on ending Pyongyang 's nuclear program and possible resumption of U.S. food assistance . The North Korea government was expected to suspend its uranium enrichment in exchange for food assistance as part of a deal that was to be announced around the time of Kim 's death .	U.S. envoy Glyn Davies is scheduled to meet with a North Korean official in Beijing They will discuss North Korea 's willingness to suspend its nuclear program The death of Kim Jong Il disrupted a deal for a suspension in return for food aid
CNN  -- Retired U.S. Gen. Wesley Clark , a supporter of Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama , on Sunday questioned whether Sen. John McCain 's military experience qualified him to be commander-in-chief . Retired Gen. Wesley Clark , who ran for president in 2004 , questioned John McCain 's qualifications Sunday . The McCain campaign called for Obama to condemn the remarks . The dust-up began with Clark 's appearance Sunday on CBS ' "  Face the Nation , " where moderator Bob Schieffer asked him about his interview with the Huffington Post earlier this month . In the interview , Clark said McCain , the presumptive Republican nominee , was "  untested and untried . " When Schieffer asked to explain the comment , Clark said he was referring to McCain 's experience , or lack thereof , in setting national security policies and understanding the risk involved in such matters . "  I certainly honor his service as a prisoner of war . He was a hero to me and to hundreds of thousands and millions of others in the armed forces , as a prisoner of war . And he has traveled all over the world . But he has n't held executive responsibility , " said Clark , a former NATO commander who campaigned for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2004 . "  He has n't been there and ordered the bombs to fall . He has n't seen what it 's like when diplomats come in and say , I do n't know whether we 're going to be able to get this point through or not , " Clark said . Schieffer noted that Obama did not have any of those experiences , nor had he "  ridden in a fighter plane and gotten shot down . " "  Well , I do n't think riding in a fighter plane and getting shot down is a qualification to be president , " Clark said . In a statement released by the McCain campaign Sunday afternoon , retired Admiral Leighton "  Snuffy " Smith criticized Clark 's comment . "  If Barack Obama wants to question John McCain 's service to his country , he should have the guts to do it himself and not hide behind his campaign surrogates , " Smith said . "  If he expects the American people to believe his pledges about a new kind of politics , Barack Obama has a responsibility to condemn these attacks . "	Retired U.S. Gen. Wesley Clark questions John McCain 's executive experience In "  Face the Nation " interview , Clark says McCain has n't "  ordered the bombs to fall " McCain campaign calls for Barack Obama to condemn the comments
CNN  -- After an anxious three-month wait , residents of a northwest Alabama town that lost 18 residents and its business core to an EF-5 tornado learned Monday night that their largest employer will rebuild -- and may add jobs . The announcement by VF Corp. elicited joyous responses by Hackleburg , Alabama , residents -- many of whom honked their horns -- and on Facebook pages that had followed the developments . "  It feels like the weight of the world has been lifted off your shoulders , " said Hackleburg Police Chief Kenny Hallmark . The April 27 tornado leveled the Wrangler jeans distribution center and killed one employee . It also destroyed or damaged 31 of 32 businesses in town , wiping away most of the town government 's revenue sources . Nearly 500 homes were damaged or destroyed . The new facility will be larger , more modern and could bring an additional 50 positions to the community -- for a total of approximately 200 employees , VF said in a statement . It also will have the potential to handle additional shipping capacity . The company , based in Greensboro , North Carolina , will break ground in the second quarter of 2012 . Target date for completion is mid-year 2013 . "  Throughout the evaluation , Hackleburg remained our leading option based on multiple factors , notably a work force who has demonstrated a passion for their work and a commitment to our company , " CEO Eric Wiseman said . "  We are also grateful to the state of Alabama for the support and assistance it has provided . We are pleased to continue our longstanding relationship with Hackleburg and look forward to a bright future . " Federal , state and local officials had conducted a full-court press , offering a range of incentives to VF Corp. , including $ 300,000 from the town and Marion County , with millions more from the state . Town officials said Monday night Gov. Robert Bentley was crucial to the effort . Since the tornado , the majority of the displaced workers have been employed at company-owned locations in Hackleburg and , about 70 miles away , in Holly Pond , Alabama . The Holly Pond location will close once the new Hackleburg distribution center is open . No jobs will be lost because that facility was brought back on line to provide work to the displaced Hackleburg employees . The Hackleburg distribution center shipped pallets of Wrangler clothing to Walmart , Target and other retailers around the country . One of five Wrangler distribution points in the nation , the center was well-run and efficient , the company said in June while it was evaluating the site and other distribution facilities . But some of the town 's nearly 1,500 residents had worried that Wrangler would not rebuild . Hackleburg 's mayor had said the return of Wrangler was crucial for the town 's recovery . "  The morale boost it 's given this town is unbelievable , " Mayor Pro Tem Barry McCarley said after the announcement . Leaders had worried about possible layoffs , including in the police force , but Monday 's development , the return of some businesses and donations -- including from a Native American tribe -- will brighten the economic outlook . Residents are hopeful the approximately 150 people who left town after the tornado will return . The Hackleburg tornado was one of 62 twisters and storms that swept through Alabama on April 27 , killing 247 people . Hallmark and Keith Morrow , Hackleburg 's only doctor , told CNN Monday night the announcement may eventually draw new employers and convince others that had n't started rebuilding to do so . Nancy McCarley , who co-owns the Panther Mart convenience store , likened the excitement Monday night of residents in their 50s and 60s to kids on prom night . "  People are smiling , " she said . "  It 's just great , great , great . "	The Wrangler jeans distribution center will rebuild and may add jobs It was destroyed during the April 27 tornado in Hackleburg , Alabama Officials had offered incentives to the parent company Decision called an unbelievable morale boost " for Hackleburg
CNN  -- On nine occasions , New York City child welfare caseworkers visited the home of 4-year-old Myls Dobson without even realizing that the boy 's father was in jail , according to a review of the case . The child later died after being tortured . The boy 's father , Okee Wade , 37 , who has an extensive criminal record , was awarded custody of his son in August 2012 on the condition that the city Administration for Children 's Services check up on the child for a year and contact the father 's parole officer . Caseworkers , however , never consulted the parole officer and never learned that Wade was jailed in connection with a fraud case during their visits to the Brooklyn apartment where he was staying with his son , a review of the case ordered by Mayor Bill de Blasio found . His partner at the time told caseworkers that he was working . "  We were told that the father was working , and was working very long hours , 16 hours a day , and that 's why he was n't available , " Gladys Carrion , the head of ACS , said at the news conference with de Blasio on Friday . She added , "  Should we have done something differently ? Yes , we should have . " The review revealed that the agency charged with protecting children missed signs that the boy was at risk . "  We ca n't look at a situation like this and say that business as usual is acceptable , " de Blasio said . Dobson died January 8 after his father was jailed again on another case and left the boy in the care of a Manhattan woman who , according to a criminal complaint , told investigators she starved , beat and burned him . He was found unconscious and unresponsive on the floor of a bathroom at the woman 's apartment at the Ritz Plaza , a luxury high-rise in the Hell 's Kitchen section . Myls was later pronounced dead at a hospital . 2011 abuse allegation Myls ' family first came into contact with the ACS in January 2011 , when the agency received an allegation of abuse against his mother , Ashlee Dobson . The review found that caseworkers failed to learn that Wade was in jail from September 2012 to February 2013 , despite visiting his home . At the time , Wade had custody of Myls and a family court judge has ordered ACS to monitor the child 's well-being . Carrion said that caseworkers reported that Myls appeared safe and healthy during the visits . De Blasio ordered a review of all cases involving court-ordered supervision at the agency and said custodians must now get a family court judge 's approval before supervision ends . "  It is very , very painful to know that this child went through such agony , " the mayor said . The review of the case found that the ACS "  did not explore in detail " the allegations of abuse and did not seek an emergency removal of the child from the home . Wade pleaded guilty in New Jersey on Thursday to a charge of second-degree racketeering in connection with an elaborate bank fraud scheme unrelated to the case that landed him in jail when caseworkers visited his home in 2012 . A judge ordered him released on his own recognizance last week until February 6 to attend his son 's funeral , according to the state attorney general 's office . Wade had left Myls with a woman in Manhattan days before he was arrested , police said . The woman , Kryzie King , 27 , was indicted in connection with the boy 's death in Manhattan criminal court Wednesday . She has been charged with first-degree assault , first-degree reckless endangerment , endangering the welfare of a child and unlawful imprisonment . A prosecutor told the court that King also was being investigated on suspicion of murder and faced additional charges . The indictment will be unsealed on February 5 . In a statement after her arrest , King 's attorney , Bryan Konoski , said : "  My client is not charged with homicide at this time , and she is presumed to be innocent of allegations against her . I would tell everyone not to jump to any conclusions at this time . " Myls ' mother , Ashlee Dobson , faced abuse and neglect charges in South Carolina and New York City before ultimately losing custody of the boy . Myls ' parents are expected at attend his memorial service Tuesday night at First Corinthian Baptist Church in Harlem . De Blasio has been invited . Myls ' body was claimed from the morgue in New York on Wednesday , one week after his death . In the final weeks of his brief life , Myls suffered unspeakable acts of neglect and violence , according to a criminal complaint . The boy had burn marks and abrasions on his head , neck , face and testicles , court papers said . There were bruises and numerous marks made by an object on his abdomen and legs and wrists -- bruises consistent with being restrained -- lacerations to his fingers , abrasions to his armpit , and bruises and scars on his back . The child appeared to be malnourished , the complaint said . King told police that Myls ' father dropped the child off for her to watch on December 17 and that she was the "  child 's primary and sole caretaker " until the time of his death , the complaint said . "  We lost a child in a horrible manner , " De Blasio said . "  We want to learn from this tragedy and make changes as a result . "	Review : Authorities missed signs in case of boy burned and beaten to death Mayor Bill de Blasio : "  We want to learn from this tragedy " Child welfare official : "  Should we have done something differently ? Yes "
CNN  For the second time , a Georgia woman 's execution has been postponed -- this time because of concerns about the drugs to be used . Kelly Renee Gissendaner was scheduled to die at 7 p.m. ET Monday . "  Prior to the execution , the drugs were sent to an independent lab for testing of potency . The drugs fell within the acceptable testing limits , " the Georgia Department of Corrections said in a statement . "  Within the hours leading up to the scheduled execution , the Execution Team performed the necessary checks . At that time , the drugs appeared cloudy . The Department of Corrections immediately consulted with a pharmacist , and in an abundance of caution , Inmate Gissendaner 's execution has been postponed . " The 47-year-old was originally scheduled to die on Wednesday , but that execution was called off because of winter weather . A petition saying the mother of three has turned her life around , even earning a theology degree while in prison , had garnered about 80,000 signatures as of Tuesday morning . Organizers plan to deliver it to Gov. Nathan Deal , though in Georgia , the governor has no authority to grant clemency . Gissendaner has become a "  powerful voice for good , " the petition says of the woman convicted of orchestrating her husband 's death in 1997 . "  While incarcerated , she has been a pastoral presence to many , teaching , preaching and living a life of purpose , " the petition states . "  Kelly is a living testament to the possibility of change and the power of hope . She is an extraordinary example of the rehabilitation that the corrections system aims to produce . " On Sunday night , about 200 people attended a vigil at Emory University 's Cannon Chapel , where they sang her praises . "  Killing her is not going to bring anything back . It 's not going to undo what 's been done , " priest Kelly Zappa told CNN affiliate WSB . The pleas did not sway Georgia 's high court or its board of pardons . In a 5-2 decision Monday afternoon , the state Supreme Court denied her request for a stay , and it also dismissed a constitutional challenge claiming that her sentence was disproportionate . And the State Board of Pardons and Paroles said Monday evening that its decision last week to deny clemency in the case stands . Not since Lena Baker , an African-American convicted of murder and pardoned decades later , has Georgia executed a woman . The state was scheduled to snap that 70-year streak last week before Gissendaner 's execution was first postponed . Just hours before she was scheduled to die by injection at the Georgia Diagnostic and Classification State Prison in Jackson last Wednesday , the Georgia Department of Corrections announced it had postponed the execution until Monday at 7 p.m. "  due to weather and associated scheduling issues , " department spokeswoman Gwendolyn Hogan said . Gissendaner was convicted in a February 1997 murder plot that targeted her husband in suburban Atlanta . She was romantically involved with Gregory Owen and conspired with the 43-year-old to have her husband , Douglas Gissendaner , killed , according to court testimony . Owen wanted Kelly Gissendaner to file for a divorce , but she was concerned that her husband would "  not leave her alone if she simply divorced him , " court documents said . The Gissendaners had already divorced once , in 1993 , and they remarried in 1995 . Details of the crime , as laid out at trial and provided by Georgia Attorney General Sam Olens , are as follows : Kelly Gissendaner and Owen planned the murder for months . On February 7 , 1997 , she dropped Owen off at her home , gave him a nightstick and hunting knife , and went out dancing with girlfriends . Douglas Gissendaner also spent the evening away from home , going to a church friend 's house to work on cars . Owen lay in wait until he returned . When Douglas Gissendaner came home around 11:30 p.m. , Owen forced him by knifepoint into a car and drove him to a remote area of Gwinnett County . There , Owen ordered his victim into the woods , took his watch and wallet to make it look like a robbery , hit him in the head with the nightstick and stabbed Douglas Gissendaner in the neck eight to 10 times . Kelly Gissendaner arrived just as the murder took place , but she did not immediately get out of her car . She later checked to make sure her husband was dead , then Owen followed her in Douglas Gissendaner 's car to retrieve a can of kerosene that Kelly Gissendaner had left for him . Owen set her husband 's car on fire in an effort to hide evidence and left the scene with Kelly Gissendaner . Police discovered the burned-out automobile the morning after the murder but did not find the body . Authorities kicked off a search . Kelly Gissendaner , meanwhile , went on local television appealing to the public for information on her husband 's whereabouts . Her and Owen 's story started to unravel after a series of police interviews . On February 20 , Douglas Gissendaner 's face-down body was found about a mile from his car . An autopsy determined the cause of death to be knife wounds to the neck , but the medical examiner could n't tell which strike killed Douglas Gissendaner because animals had devoured the skin and soft tissue on the right side of his neck . On February 24 , Owen confessed to the killing and implicated Kelly Gissendaner , who was arrested the next day and charged . While in jail awaiting trial , Kelly Gissendaner grew angry when she heard that Owen was to receive a 25-year sentence for his role in the murder .  Owen is serving life in prison at a facility in Davisboro , according to Georgia Department of Corrections records . She began writing letters to hire a third person who would falsely confess to taking her to the crime scene at gunpoint . She asked her cellmate , Laura McDuffie , to find someone willing to do the job for $ 10,000 , and McDuffie turned Kelly Gissendaner 's letters over to authorities via her attorney . Kelly Gissendaner has exhausted all state and federal appeals , the attorney general said in a statement last week . In the clemency application , Gissendaner 's lawyers argued she was equally or less culpable than Owen , who actually did the killing . Both defendants were offered identical plea bargains before trial : life in prison with an agreement to not seek parole for 25 years . Owen accepted the plea bargain and testified against his former girlfriend . Gissendaner was willing to plead guilty , her current lawyers said , but consulted with her trial lawyer and asked prosecutors to remove the stipulation about waiting 25 years to apply for parole . According to her clemency appeal , her lead trial attorney , Edwin Wilson , said he thought the jury would not sentence her to death "  because she was a woman and because she did not actually kill Doug . ... I should have pushed her to take the plea but did not because I thought we would get straight up life if she was convicted . " Her appeal lawyers also argued that Gissendaner had expressed deep remorse for her actions , become a model inmate and grown spiritually . They said her death would cause further hardship for her children . For her last meal , she requested an extravagant one : two Burger King Whoppers with cheese  with everything  , two large orders of fries , popcorn , cornbread , a side of buttermilk and a salad with tomatoes , bell peppers , onions , carrots , cheese , boiled eggs and Newman 's Own buttermilk dressing , the Corrections Department said . She also requested a glass of lemonade and cherry-vanilla ice cream for dessert . According to the Death Penalty Information Center : • Between 1973 and 2012 -- the most recent data available -- 178 death sentences were imposed upon female offenders . These sentences constitute about 2 % of all death sentences . • Five states -- North Carolina , Florida , California , Ohio and Texas -- account for over half of all such sentences . • As of December 31 , 2012 , there were 61 women on death row . • Women on death row range in age from 28 to 79 . They have been on death row from a few months to over 26 years . Currently the only woman on Georgia 's death row , Gissendaner would be the second woman in the state 's history to be executed . The first was Baker , an African-American maid who was sentenced to death by an all-white , all-male jury in 1944 . She claimed self-defense for killing a man who held her against her will , threatened her life and appeared poised to hit her with a metal bar before she fired a fatal shot . Sixty years after her execution , Georgia 's parole board posthumously pardoned her after finding that "  it was a grievous error to deny  her  clemency . " Such pardons are rare , but so are executions of women . According to the Death Penalty Information Center , only 15 women have been executed in the United States since 1977 . CNN 's Holly Yan , Tina Burnside , Greg Botelho , Tristan Smith and John Murgatroyd contributed to this report .	The execution is postponed because the drugs "  appeared cloudy , " Georgia says Gissendaner 's was scheduled to die at 7 p.m. Monday for a murder plot targeting her husband
CNN  -- Michael Moore 's "  Sicko , " which opened nationwide Friday , is filled with horror stories of people who are deprived of medical service because they ca n't afford it or have n't been able to navigate the murky waters of managed care in the United States . A couple featured in Michael Moore 's "  Sicko " leave a London hospital with their newborn . It compares American health care with the universal coverage systems in Canada , France , the United Kingdom and Cuba . Moore covers a lot of ground . Our team investigated some of the claims put forth in his film . We found that his numbers were mostly right , but his arguments could use a little more context . As we dug deep to uncover the numbers , we found surprisingly few inaccuracies in the film . In fact , most pundits or health-care experts we spoke to spent more time on errors of omission rather than disputing the actual claims in the film . Whether it 's dollars spent , group coverage or Medicaid income cutoffs , health care goes hand in hand with numbers . Moore opens his film by giving these statistics , "  Fifty million uninsured Americans ... 18,000 people die because they are uninsured . " Watch Michael Moore talk about "  Sicko " with CNN 's Larry King . " For the most part , that 's true . The latest numbers from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say 43.6 million , or about 15 percent of Americans , were uninsured in 2006 . For the past five years , the overall count has fluctuated between 41 million and 44 million people . According to the Institute of Medicine , 18,000 people do die each year mainly because they are less likely to receive screening and preventive care for chronic diseases . Moore says that the U.S. spends more of its gross domestic product on health care than any other country . Again , that 's true . The United States spends more than 15 percent of its GDP on health care -- no other nation even comes close to that number . France spends about 11 percent , and Canadians spend 10 percent . Like Moore , we also found that more money does not equal better care . Both the French and Canadian systems rank in the Top 10 of the world 's best health-care systems , according to the World Health Organization . The United States comes in at No. 37 . The rankings are based on general health of the population , access , patient satisfaction and how the care 's paid for . So , if Americans are paying so much and they 're not getting as good or as much care , where is all the money going ? "  Overhead for most private health insurance plans range between 10 percent to 30 percent , " says Deloitte health-care analyst Paul Keckley . Overhead includes profit and administrative costs . "  Compare that to Medicare , which only has an overhead rate of 1 percent . Medicare is an extremely efficient health-care delivery system , " says Mark Meaney , a health-care ethicist for the National Institute for Patient Rights . Moore spends about half his film detailing the wonders and the benefits of the government-funded universal health-care systems in Canada , France , Cuba and the United Kingdom . He shows calm , content people in waiting rooms and people getting care in hospitals hassle free . People laugh and smile as he asks about billing departments and cost of stay . Not surprisingly , it 's not that simple . In most other countries , there are quotas and planned waiting times . Everyone does have access to basic levels of care . That care plan is formulated by teams of government physicians and officials who determine what 's to be included in the universal basic coverage and how a specific condition is treated . If you want treatment outside of that standard plan , then you have to pay for it yourself . "  In most developed health systems in the world , 15 percent to 20 percent of the population buys medical services outside of the system of care run by the government . They do it through supplemental insurance , or they buy services out of pocket , " Keckley says . The people who pay more tend to be in the upper income or have special , more complicated conditions . Moore focuses on the private insurance companies and makes no mention of the U.S. government-funded health-care systems such as Medicare , Medicaid , the State Children 's Health Insurance Program and the Veterans Affairs health-care systems . About 50 percent of all health-care dollars spent in the United States flows through these government systems . "  Sicko " also ignores a handful of good things about the American system . Believe it or not , the United States does rank highest in the patient satisfaction category . Americans do have shorter wait times than everyone but Germans when it comes to nonemergency elective surgery such as hip replacements , cataract removal or knee repair . That 's no surprise given the number of U.S. specialists . In U.S. medical schools , students training to become primary-care physicians have dwindled to 10 percent . The overwhelming majority choose far more profitable specialties in the medical field . In other countries , more than one out of three aspiring doctors chooses primary care in part because there 's less of an income gap with specialists . In those nations , becoming a specialist means making 30 percent more than a primary-care physician . In the United States , the gap is around 300 percent , according to Keckley . As Americans continue to spend $ 2 trillion a year on health care , everyone agrees on one point : Things need to change , and it will take more than a movie to figure out how to get there . E-mail to a friend A. Chris Gajilan is a senior producer with CNN Medical News . Intern Emily Breidbart contributed to this report .	Analysis : Numbers cited in "  Sicko " are accurate for the most part Assertions could use more context to flesh out comparisons of health care Health-care experts focus more on film 's errors of omission than incorrect facts
CNN  -- Government shelling of the seaside town of Misrata resumed Thursday afternoon , with heavy artillery and mortars targeting residential areas , killing 10 people , a member of the medical committee of the Misrata Council told CNN . Also Thursday , rebels retook the border area of Dehaiba/Wazin after forces loyal to leader Moammar Gadhafi had taken it earlier in the day , a witness said . The witness , Yousef Gaigi , said about 100 rebel vehicles equipped with assault rifles and antiaircraft weapons drove from the Libyan city Zintan to the border area , where they clashed with pro-government forces . "  The fight resulted in many casualties , " he said , without citing a number . Gaigi said the pro-Gadhafi forces then fled to the Tunisian side of the border and handed their weapons to the Tunisian army . The Tunisian Defense Ministry said the soldiers were taken farther north to the border at Ras Ajdir and sent back to Libya . Asked whether the Tunisians had returned the Libyans ' weapons , a ministry official said , "  It 's possible . " Earlier Thursday , the Tunisian Foreign Ministry had expressed "  deep concern " over the military escalation near the crossing its border with Libyan and demanded that the Libyan government "  put an end to these violations , " according to the state-run Tunis Afrique Presse  TAP  . The incidents occurred a day after the carnage in Libya continued to mount : on Wednesday , pro-government forces launched the heaviest shelling yet on the port of Misrata , much of which appeared to be a wasteland , rebels said . Also Wednesday , a NATO airstrike on Misrata killed 11 rebel fighters and wounded two others , witnesses told a reporter , who saw the bodies . From the time NATO began its operation on March 31 until Tuesday , the organization had conducted 3,981 sorties , of which 1,658 were strike sorties , according to an update issued Wednesday . NATO is leading an international military operation in Libya that includes airstrikes targeting Gadhafi 's military resources . It is operating under a U.N. Security Council resolution authorizing any means necessary -- with the exception of foreign occupation -- to protect civilians . Misrata , the third-largest city in the North African country , has been hemmed in on three sides by Gadhafi 's forces . Though rebels said they had gained control of the city 's center and had pushed government forces outside the city , they said Gadhafi 's forces were continuing to attack Misrata with heavy weaponry . The port has served as a crucial route of escape and as a lifeline to humanitarian aid . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	Ten are dead , a medical committee members says Rebels retook a border area from pro-Gadhafi forces , who had seized it earlier in the day "  The fight resulted in many casualties , " a witness says
Washington  CNN  -- Officials are hopeful that the chamber containing the Lincoln statue at the Lincoln Memorial , which was vandalized overnight , can be reopened sometime Friday , National Park Service spokeswoman Carol Johnson told reporters . The memorial 's portico -- the columned area outside the chamber -- should be reopen before that , in the late morning , she said . Workers are cleaning the paint that had been splashed onto part of the marble statue , she said . Watch : Obama surprises visitors at the Lincoln Memorial Vandals splashed green paint on the base of the statue overnight , prompting officials to temporarily close the marble fixture on Washington 's National Mall , authorities said . Police were alerted just before 1:30 a.m. and found paint splattered on the leg and base of the 19-foot-tall statue of Abraham Lincoln , U.S. Park Police Capt. Steven Booker told CNN on Friday . There were no discernible letters or markings . The memorial will be closed until it is cleaned up , Booker said . The memorial , one of the more iconic features of Washington , honors the 16th U.S. president . The marble statue of a seated Lincoln resides in nearly 100-foot-high columned marble building facing the U.S. Capitol and the Washington Monument . More than 6 million people visited the Lincoln Memorial in 2012 , the National Park Service says . Dedicated in 1922 , it has been the site of a number of protests and gatherings , including the 1963 March on Washington , during which Martin Luther King Jr. gave his famous "  I Have a Dream " speech from the steps of the memorial . See also : Controversial MLK Memorial inscription to be removed CNN 's Diane Ruggiero and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Paint is splattered on a leg and base of the 19-foot Abraham Lincoln statue , police say The Lincoln Memorial is closed until the paint can be cleaned up No timeframe of the closure is given
CNN  An ISIS video showing the horrific killing of a Jordanian air force pilot has stoked anger in the Arab kingdom and left analysts wondering what impact it will have on the U.S.-led coalition fighting the militant group . Jordan already carried out one act of retaliation , executing two terrorist prisoners with ties to al Qaeda in Iraq . One of them was Sajida al-Rishawi , the would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS had demanded . Protesters gathered in the streets of the Jordanian capital , Amman , and in the home town of the pilot , Moath al-Kasasbeh . But what will ISIS and Jordan do next ? "  I think there 's likely to be a backlash , particularly in Jordan , " said Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst . "  I think it 's sort of going to rally support for King Abdullah and his participation in the anti-ISIS coalition . " But it 's unclear whether ISIS leaders are bothered by the condemnation and outrage . "  ISIS does n't really care very much about the reactions it gets from Arab or foreign governments , " said Rami Khouri , a Middle East analyst based in Beirut . "  They 're on a mission to carry out their barbaric deed . " Anger against ISIS was in evidence among protesters in Jordan . One demonstrator held a poster that read : "  They burned our hearts , so let 's burn their dens , and their prisoners in our prisons . " Some experts expressed puzzlement at ISIS ' decision to kill the pilot without getting anything in return . "  This pilot was a real bargaining chip , " said retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a U.S. Air Force veteran intelligence officer . "  The Jordanians were willing to do things to get him back . He comes from a very established family , one that supports the Jordanian monarchy . I 'm not sure they realized exactly who they had . " Adding to the intrigue , Jordanian authorities said they believed the pilot had been killed as early as January 3 , before ISIS made any demands for the release of al-Rishawi by Jordan . If that 's the case , the recent ISIS threats against the life of al-Kasasbeh appear to aimed at publicity rather than serious negotiations . ISIS is known to still be holding at least two Western hostages : John Cantlie , a British journalist who has appeared in a number of ISIS-produced videos , and an American woman who is a 26-year-old aid worker . Analysts said they thought it was unlikely that Jordan 's hanging of the two jihadist prisoners Wednesday would affect ISIS ' next moves . "  I do n't see that the execution of these two individuals is really going to change their calculus much , " said Francona . "  They 're going to do whatever they want to do . " "  I do n't think they had much invested in either the woman or the man who were just hanged , " he said . "  They were nice bargaining chips that they could try and do something with . " The video of the killing of the Jordanian pilot , showing a new level of brutality even by ISIS ' grim standards , raises the question of whom they are trying to reach . "  There are some people out there attracted to these horrific videos , " said CNN political commentator Peter Beinart . "  But a much , much larger group of people in the Muslim and Arab world are absolutely repulsed . " Maajid Nawaz , a former extremist , said he believes that ISIS is n't trying to reach the majority but is going after existing terrorists as it competes with al Qaeda for foreign recruits . "  This is a race to the bottom when it comes to the gruesome depictions that they 're showing , " said Nawaz , the author of "  Radical : My Journey out of Islamist Extremism . " Juan Zarate , a former U.S. deputy national security adviser , said he thinks that with the pilot video , ISIS is trying to send a message to the Arab members of the coalition against it . "  They 're going to be treated brutally , and in fact , maybe perhaps more brutally than other members of the coalition , " he told CNN . At the end of the video , ISIS shows names and addresses of people whom it claims are Jordanian pilots . A reward is offered , and a voice says they are "  wanted dead . " The timing of ISIS ' recent string of videos -- showing the deaths of two Japanese hostages and now al-Kasasbeh -- may also be significant , according to Sajjan Gohel of the Asia Pacific Foundation . He suggested it could be an effort to distract attention from the militant group 's "  humiliating defeat " by the Kurds in the Syrian city of Kobani . The news of the killing of the pilot sparked protests in the streets of Amman , the capital , and in the pilot 's hometown . The focus of the people 's ire was ISIS . Analysts said they expected most of the population to stand behind the government . "  The Jordanian people , I think , very clearly will unite behind the government , " said Khouri , a senior fellow at the American University of Beirut . "  The trick is for the government to figure out what is the most appropriate response now . " The government 's early retaliation was to carry out the hangings of the two jihadist prisoners . But the pilot 's father suggested that was far from enough . "  Those criminals can not be compared to Moath , " al-Kasasbeh 's father , Safi , said Wednesday . "  Moath 's blood is much more valued than these two prisoners . " He called on the Jordanian government to execute all prisoners with links to ISIS . "  Annihilate this organization , " he said . A Jordanian government spokesman on Tuesday promised an "  earthshaking retaliation " for the killing of the pilot . But it still remains very unclear what form that might take . Some military experts speculated that Jordan could launch independent airstrikes against ISIS or move artillery and other weapons to the border near ISIS-controlled territory . But other analysts said they thought that unilateral action was unlikely . "  They know that it would be foolhardy to launch an attack without being part of the coalition . " Francona said . He said he expected more commitment to the coalition from Jordan , including perhaps greater access to its airbases and an increased number of Jordanian sorties . "  When Jordan commits , Jordan can be a real force . But Jordan ca n't do this alone , " he said . CNN military analyst Mark Hertling said he expected Jordan to increase intelligence sharing with the coalition and possibly put some additional defenses along the borders with Syria and Iraq . "  This is a calm , measured leader who wants to do things the right way , " he said of King Abdullah . A key question is how the Jordanian population 's views on the U.S.-led airstrikes against ISIS will develop over time . For the time being , the anger and desire for revenge appear to be directed against ISIS . But before the pilot 's killing was announced , some Jordanians had been questioning the government 's decision to take part in the anti-ISIS coalition . "  We 're going to have to see what happens after this period of mourning and anger is over , " said CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh in Amman . "  What sort of calls are we going to be hearing from the Jordanian street ? " The issue is complex in a country like Jordan , according to Khouri . "  You get situations where many Muslims -- they do n't support ISIS -- but they do n't like foreign armies coming to attack Arab Sunni Muslims , " he told CNN . "  No doubt that the majority , especially in Jordan , are afraid of ISIS and want to fight it and want to defeat it , " Khouri said . "  But there are tensions because many , many people instinctively in the Arab world are hesitant to join an American-led military assault against Arab parties . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	"  I think there 's likely to be a backlash " against ISIS , analyst says Jordan 's government has vowed an "  earthshaking retaliation " for the pilot 's killing But experts say Jordan is unlikely to take independent military action against ISIS
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The high school honor student and the NFL 's highest-paid defensive back stroll down the destitute streets of Skid Row . "  I can sell you something right quick , " a drug dealer hisses . Another shouts , "  Gon na whoop your ass ! " More expletives are hurled . Seventeen-year-old Kenneth Chancey is giving a tour to Nnamdi Asomugha , showing the NFL star the streets that he and his sister used to walk to get to school while living in a Skid Row homeless shelter . Prostitutes , addicts and drug dealers scatter . "  Camera ! Camera ! " they shout . The two make it safely past the park , one of the roughest areas of Los Angeles . An orange soda whizzes through the air , nearly hitting the teen and the Oakland Raiders ' All-Pro cornerback worth $ 45 million . "  Wow , " the teen says . "  I 'm sure they watch you every Sunday , and they do n't even recognize who you are . " It is Kenneth 's inner strength and his love for education that have brought together this high school class president and NFL star . "  The thing I took away is how fearless he is , " Asomugha said later . "  The things he 's been through are so big and so severe -- they were threatening our lives and throwing things at us on Skid Row . But it does n't bother him . "  His potential meter is at 1,000 right now . " Escaping through education Even while Kenneth lived on Skid Row , he dreamed of attending Harvard to become a neurosurgeon . When Asomugha saw Kenneth 's story on CNN , he wanted to help . He runs a foundation , the Asomugha College Tour for Scholars , that takes talented inner-city kids on tours of college campuses they otherwise would never be able to see . He 's helped get 25 teens into college over the last four years . On this day , he 's come to tell Kenneth that he will be among the 16 students traveling in the spring to visit schools in Washington , D.C. "  I 'm thankful to be able to give back , " Asomugha said . Hours before the Skid Row tour , Asomugha traveled to Hollywood 's Helen Bernstein High School , where Kenneth is a starting running back in his senior year . They met at the school 's football stadium , where Asomugha told Kenneth in person . "  This smile on my face , " Kenneth said , "  is a freaking good thing . This is awesome ! " Asomugha leaned closer . "  You know who we 're working on now ? " "  Obama ? " Kenneth asked nervously . "  We have to , " the NFL star replied . Kenneth 's fever-pitched excitement reached a crescendo , "  Oh my gosh ! " His father , Gordon Costello , joined in and handed a folded paper to Asomugha . The proud dad did n't show off football awards or his son 's athletic achievements . Instead , it 's Kenneth 's latest report card , straight A 's . "  He might overqualify for the tour , " Asomugha said as he studied the report card . "  This shows someone with a lot of drive and ambition . These are some great grades . " "  I 'm at a loss for words , " the teen said . "  Stuff like this does n't happen every day . " Asomugha came from a family where education was stressed from day one . He remembers asking his mom as a boy , "  Can I have some ice cream ? " "  No , " she responded . "  You have n't finished your homework . " "  I 'd say , ` but I 'm 3 ! ' " Asomugha 's sister is a pediatrician , his mother holds a doctorate . Two other siblings have secondary degrees . "  I am the least educated in my family , " Asomugha said . "  I catch a lot of heat from my family . " The football star , who is the highest-paid defensive back in NFL history , has a degree in finance from the University of California-Berkeley . Kenneth is energized . "  I 'm going to be the first one in my family to get a secondary education , " he told Asomugha . "  And everyone will follow you , " his father added . Kenneth spent his sixth-grade year living in a van with his mother and stepfather . His sister once was beaten up by someone who wanted her shirt . Kenneth was held up at gunpoint for his laptop . He refused to hand it over because his grandmother bought it for him . "  If you 're going to shoot me , shoot me now , " he told the would-be thief . "  He said , ' I ai n't gon na kill no little kid . ' " Mantra : Always keep your head up From February to August of this year , Kenneth lived at the Union Rescue Mission homeless shelter along Skid Row with his father and sister . After the CNN piece aired , his friend invited him and his sister , Stephanie , to stay with his family , while Kenneth 's father looked for work . Outside Kenneth 's earshot , the NFL star talked about how the teen is an inspiration , doing all the right things to achieve greatness in life . "  You do n't hear about guys like Kenneth , " Asomugha said . "  When you have your back against the wall and you 're trying to fight and there are so many things -- so many obstacles -- against you but you 're still keeping your head above the water like he 's doing ... the sky 's the limit . " Kenneth says he constantly thought about dropping out to get a job to help his father financially . His dad would have none of it . "  Your education will pay off in the long run , " his father always told him . On the tour at Skid Row , Kenneth took Asomugha to the shelter 's rooftop . It 's a million-dollar view of the Los Angeles skyline . It 's where Kenneth studied . It 's also where he learned his biggest lesson : to always keep his head up . The student and the football player leaned over the building 's ledge . Down below , drug deals were being made . "  Anytime you look down over the ledge , you start to see the negative , " Asomugha said . "  When you keep your head up , you 're seeing all the positive . Was that your mantra ? " The teen smiled . "  That 's how you do it in life , " Kenneth said . "  I just try to keep my head up , to look into the future . " Five years from now , he 'll be graduating from college . The hell of Skid Row will be a distant memory . "  Once I succeed , " he said , "  I will be able to help other people . " CNN 's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	NFL star Nnamdi Asomugha decides to help homeless teen after CNN report Kenneth Chancey , 17 , lived in homeless shelter , yet made all A 's and is class president Asomugha will take Chancey and 19 other inner-city kids on college tour in spring
CNN  -- The U.S. Coast Guard Sunday continues its search for a missing sailor whose five Texas A&M University crew mates were hoisted out of the Gulf of Mexico earlier in the day after their sailboat capsized . Members of the Texas A&M Offshore Sailing Team are shown in this photo from the team 's Web site . The survivors -- four university students and a safety officer -- told the Coast Guard they were forced off their sailboat after it took on water and capsized . "  The flooding was so fast that the thing flipped over , " USGS Capt. William Diehl told CNN . The missing sailor has been identified by the university as Roger Stone , the vessel 's second safety officer . The sailboat , named Cynthia Woods , was one of about two dozen boats heading from Galveston , Texas , to Veracruz , Mexico , for the annual Veracruz Regatta race , which began on Friday . Diehl said the boat was well-stocked with safety equipment -- including emergency radio beacons , life rafts and ring buoys -- but the crew could only manage to find four life jackets after the boat tipped over . "  The survivors told us that -LSB- when -RSB- they went into the water , they had four life jackets among the five , and they huddled together and they exchanged the life jacket among them so that they could stay afloat , " Diehl said . Communication with the boat was lost about midnight Friday , and the boat missed its 8 a.m. radio check the next morning , the Coast Guard reported . A sailboat matching the description of the missing 38-foot boat was found overturned about 5:15 p.m. Saturday , authorities said . The five survivors were found several hours later , lifted to safety by a U.S. Coast Guard helicopter around 1 a.m. and taken to University of Texas Medical Branch in Galveston for treatment . A Coast Guard spokeswoman could not say exactly where the survivors were rescued , but said the search was focused on an area about 10 miles south of Matagorda , Texas . Diehl said a Marine Corps C-130 , a Coast Guard cutter and a man-of-war naval vessel are searching for the missing crew member . All the mariners were experienced sailors , he said . "  They were very well trained , " Diehl said . "  Obviously -LSB- they were -RSB- the more senior cadets at the university here , and they had very experienced safety people on board . " When rescuers retrieved the capsized boat 's hull , Diehl said the keel was missing . "  That 's the part that keeps the sailboat balanced in the water , " he said . "  And from talking to the survivors this morning , that 's where the flooding started for them . " The 725-mile Veracruz regatta began on Friday and boats are expected to arrive in Veracruz on Wednesday and Thursday .	Coast Guard rescues five sailors reported missing ; search continues for sixth sailor Texas A&M sailboat was taking part in regatta from Galveston to Veracruz , Mexico Boat 's six-person crew missed 8 a.m. radio check Saturday Sailboat matching description found capsized , with no one in sight
CNN  -- At least 42 people were killed and 120 injured by flash flooding and mudslides on the Portuguese island of Madeira , the local civil protection agency said Sunday . An unknown number of people are still missing , the authorities told CNN . About 250 people were evacuated to military bases and other safe locations , said Pedro Barbosa of the civil protection agency . "  We have some parts where we ca n't go because the bridges are down , " Barbosa told CNN earlier in the day , saying the numbers of victims may rise as more information comes in . He said all the damage occurred in just a few hours Saturday morning due to "  very concentrated , very intense " rains that sparked flooding and mudslides . The mudslides and flooding damaged roads and homes in the capital , Funchal , and in Ribeira Brava , which are both on the southern portion of the Atlantic island . Floodwaters overturned cars and knocked down trees . Search-and-rescue teams have been reinforced , according to the Civil Protection Agency . Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates said "  the situation is under control " and the government is offering its support to regional authorities . President Cavaco Silva expressed his condolences in a televised statement and promised to do everything to help . Madeira , an autonomous region of Portugal , is a popular resort destination . There have been no reports of any dead or missing tourists . Barbosa said Saturday 's heavy rains were the worst in Madeira since 1993 , when a storm killed eight people . Madeira is one of the Madeira Islands , an archipelago about 600 miles  1,000 kilometers  southwest of the Portuguese mainland . CNN 's Al Goodman , Per Nyberg and Umaro Djau contributed to this report .	NEW : Death toll rises to 42 after mudslides , flooding strike Madeira ; 120 injured Washed-out bridges keep rescuers from reaching some parts of island Hundreds of residents were evacuated to military bases and other safe locations
Cairo  CNN  -- Hundreds of demonstrators extended their sit-in outside Egypt 's defense ministry to a sixth day Thursday , as organizers called for mass protests following violence that killed at least 11 people . The coalition of political and civil groups -- known as the Board of Trustees of the Revolution -- condemned the clashes in Cairo 's Abaseya area Wednesday and demanded the resignation of the government . The protests come against a backdrop of frustration over the pace of reform since Hosni Mubarak was ousted as president last year and amid concern that Egypt 's military leadership is delaying the transition to civilian rule . Many of the protesters taking part in the sit-in are voicing their anger over the disqualification of Islamist candidate Hazem Abu Ismael from the May 23 presidential election . They also want to disband the presidential election commission . Abu Ismael was disqualified because of evidence that his late mother had U.S. citizenship , an assertion he has denied , prompting his followers to protest the decision by the election commission . The election commission has disqualified some 10 of the 23 presidential contenders , its chief has said . Meanwhile , three of Egypt 's presidential candidates were referred to the general prosecutor for alleged violations of election campaign law Thursday . The presidential election commission said it had referred leading independent candidate Abdel Monein Aboul Fettouh , Mohamed Mursi , of the Islamist Freedom and Justice Party , and Amr Moussa to the prosecutor for breaking the law by holding meetings on college campuses . "  These infringements by the presidential candidates will be taken very seriously and they will be questioned as soon as possible . They could be fined , " Adel Saeed , the official spokesman for the general prosecutor , told CNN . Egypt 's Supreme Council of the Armed Forces said on its Facebook page Thursday that the clashes in Abaseya were aimed at delaying the presidential elections and stalling the formation of a constituent assembly . The Supreme Council also said certain "  unnamed " groups have used verses from the Quran calling for jihad , or holy war , to try to draw the military into an armed conflict . The military had tried to convince the protesters to move from their position near the Ministry of Defense to Tahrir Square , the heart of Egypt 's protest movement , but they refused , the Facebook statement said . "  Investigations into the clashes of Abseya Square have begun and some people have been arrested , " Saeed said . Two of the presidential candidates referred to the general prosecutor for investigation , Mursi and Fettouh , had announced Wednesday that they were temporarily suspending campaign activities because of the violence . Amr Moussa said in a televised statement that he had canceled some of his campaign events out of respect for those killed . Mursi said Wednesday he would suspend his campaign for two days to "  mourn the souls of the martyrs " in the clashes , and blamed the military government for what he called a "  massacre . " Fettouh said on his Twitter account that lawmakers must push the interior minister to investigate . A "  revolutionary march " toward the Ministry of Defense has been called for Friday by the April 6 Movement , which wants accountability from the Supreme Council for the Armed Forces over the deaths of protesters in the Abaseya clashes . Western powers have been watching developments in Egypt closely . Alistair Burt , UK Foreign Office Minister for the Middle East and North Africa , said Thursday he was deeply concerned by the recent bloodshed and called on all sides to show restraint . "  The right to peaceful freedom of expression and assembly is integral to Egypt 's transition to democracy , and it is crucial at this stage of the presidential election process that it is not threatened by the return of such violence , " he said in a statement . "  Such unrest reinforces the need to make progress on the transition to civilian rule , through a transparent and inclusive process which allows all voices to be heard , to the timetable already agreed by the Egyptian authorities . " "  We 're very concerned about the outbreak of violence , " said U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. Susan Rice . The United States considers it "  important for elections to go forward as planned , " she added . Assailants targeted the protesters in Cairo early Wednesday , medical sources said . At least 150 people were injured , Dr. Ahmed Thabet , a physician working in a field hospital near where the clashes took place , said Thursday . It was unclear who the attackers were , but they were not wearing uniforms , witnesses said . The mood in the city 's Abaseya district appeared calm but tense , state media reported Thursday . Some shops closed their doors and some residents left their homes , fearing more clashes , according to Egypt 's MENA news agency . Protesters hurled rocks at the assailants , who responded with a steady barrage of rocks and Molotov cocktails . "  Down with military rule ! " the protesters chanted . Alaa Younis , who took part in the sit-in with some friends , said "  dozens of military men dressed in plain clothes started pelting " them "  with stones , cement blocks , and fired tear gas from rifles , so they were obviously security officers under cover . " The military dispatched a unit to attempt to restore calm . A day before the clashes , state TV broadcast videos showing protesters chanting against the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , which has ruled Egypt since Mubarak was forced from power last year . The Freedom and Justice Party , the political arm of the Muslim Brotherhood , issued a statement Thursday blaming the Supreme Council for the death and injuries in the Abaseya clashes , saying it wanted to delay the transition of power . A government official earlier denied reports that the military was involved in Wednesday 's violence . "  There were no riot police or military that tried to evict the sit-in by force , " said Gen. Marwan Mustapha , a spokesman for the Interior Ministry . "  We are not sure of the identities of the thugs that attacked the peaceful protesters . The military only protects the vicinity of the ministry and blocked some roads leading to it . " The epicenter of the violence was around a mosque in Cairo , but clashes continued in several streets . Residents formed neighborhood watches to protect their streets as gunfire crackled for hours , according to witnesses . The military blocked some highways leading to the ministry and did not interfere in the fighting between protesters and the unidentified attackers . Clashes have erupted in Egypt since an uprising led to the toppling of Mubarak in February of last year , with protesters demanding the military leaders who took over hand over power to a civilian administration . CNN 's Amir Ahmed contributed to this report .	NEW : Military leaders accuse unnamed groups of trying to use the Quran to provoke conflict NEW : UK Foreign Office minister concerned by bloodshed , urges restraint on all sides Street protests continue , a day after violent clashes left at least 11 dead Many protesters are concerned by the slow transition of power from Egypt 's military to civilian rule
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal , the man who stood on top of the tennis world after winning his ninth French Open title last weekend , was brought back to earth with a bump Thursday . The world No. 1 , so dominant on the clay at Roland Garros , was beaten in the first round of the ATP grass-court event in Halle , Germany , by a player ranked 84 places below him . German Dustin Brown required less than an hour to win 6-4 6-1 on the grass to send Nadal crashing out of the tournament . The Spaniard , playing his first match on grass since he was stunned in the opening game of last year 's Wimbledon , appeared to struggle with the transition . At Wimbledon 12 months ago , Nadal was beaten by Czech Lukas Rosol who was ranked 100 at the time in a five-set thriller . And any hopes he would be given the chance to warmup for a return to SW19 were given short shrift by home favorite Brown . Brown had only ever beaten one top-10 player , John Isner , and this result ranks as his best yet . Nadal was n't the only star to falter Thursday -- Andy Murray , who is set to start the defense of his Wimbledon title later this month , was beaten at Queen 's Club in London . Murray was beaten by veteran Czech Radek Stepanek 7-6 6-2 in his second match since appointing former women 's No. 1 Amelie Mauresmo as his new coach . The 27-year-old , who won the Queens title in 2009 , 2011 and 2013 , had won his past 19 matches on grass . "  I have only got myself to blame that I lost the first set , " the Scot told the ATP website . "  I do n't know how many set points I had , but quite a lot of them were on my serve . "  On this surface especially you should n't really be losing sets like that . For me , that 's what 's disappointing really about the match . Then , unfortunately , got broken in the first game of the second set . I could n't quite get it back . " The 35-year-old Stepanek 's reward is a quarterfinal clash with South African Kevin Anderson . Meanwhile , seven-time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer survived a scare in Halle before booking his place in the quarterfinals with a 6-7 6-4 6-2 win over Joao Sousa . The Swiss ace , who has won this tournament on six occasions , will face Taiwan 's Yen-Hsun Lu for a place in the semifinals . "  It was slightly frustrating at times clearly , but nevertheless I served well and kept on doing my thing , " said fourth-ranked Federer , who lost in the last 16 at Roland Garros . "  It was important to stay calm and actually I think it gives me more confidence winning this way . "  I had to stay calm , fight through the match and find a way and then the last set and a half were much better . So , I 'm actually pretty happy now . "	Rafael Nadal beaten in opening round of ATP event in Germany French Open champion loses to world No. 85 Dustin Brown Andy Murray loses at London 's Queen 's Club Defending champion beaten in straight sets by Radek Stepanek
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- How well Zsa Zsa Gabor is recovering from hip replacement surgery a week ago depends on whom you ask : her husband or her daughter . Prince Frederic Von Anhalt said his wife of 24 years is in "  critical " condition , but daughter Francesca Hilton said her condition is "  guarded . " Gabor , 93 , suffered a broken hip in a fall at her Bel Air , California , home nine days ago . "  It 's up and down , " Von Anhalt said Monday afternoon . "  It worries me very much . " The publicist for Hilton , however , gave a more optimistic report . Edward Lozzi said the glamour icon was able to sit up in bed and talk , an improvement that followed a blood transfusion and the removal of her morphine drip over the weekend . Gabor has "  rallied " and is "  more talkative , " Lozzi said . She is still in the intensive care unit at Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles , but the prince 's publicist , John Blanchette , said she could go home as soon as Thursday . Gabor 's fall happened as she reached to answer the phone while watching the television game show "  Jeopardy , " which is "  a must-see show " for the actress , her husband said . Gabor has been frail and "  pretty much confined to a wheelchair " since a 2002 car accident , according to Blanchette . The crash occurred when the car in which she was riding with her hairdresser slammed into a light pole on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles . Von Anhalt is either Gabor 's eighth or ninth husband , depending on whether you count one marriage that was quickly annulled . Francesca Hilton is her only child , the product of her second marriage to hotel magnate Conrad Hilton . The glamorous Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is most famous for her many marriages . Among her other husbands was Oscar-winning actor George Sanders . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's 1952 Toulouse-Lautrec biopic , "  Moulin Rouge " ; "  The Story of Three Loves , " 1953 ; "  The Girl in the Kremlin , " 1957 ; and Orson Welles ' classic "  Touch of Evil , " 1958 . In 1989 , Gabor was sentenced to 72 hours in jail for slapping a Beverly Hills police officer after a traffic stop . She also had to perform community service at a battered women 's shelter . The other Gabor sisters were Magda , the oldest , who died in 1997 five days shy of 83 , and Eva , the youngest , who died in 1995 at 76 . Magda , an occasional stage actress , also was married to Sanders at one time . Eva is probably best remembered for her role as a socialite turned farmer 's wife on the 1960s TV sitcom "  Green Acres . "	Gabor 's husband says actress ' condition is "  critical " Her daughter reports a more optimistic "  guarded " condition The glamour icon underwent hip replacement surgery July 19 Gabor fell while answering a phone
CNN  -- Well , that did n't last long . No sooner had speculation heated up that Disney was planning a "  Frozen " sequel , to be titled "  Strange Magic , " than the studio sent out a news release throwing cold water all over that theory . Turns out , "  Strange Magic " is the title of a new animated movie from Lucasfilm Ltd. . " ` Strange Magic ' is a madcap fairy tale musical inspired by ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream , ' " the statement says . "  Popular songs from the past six decades help tell the tale of a colorful cast of goblins , elves , fairies and imps , and their hilarious misadventures sparked by the battle over a powerful potion . " Days after just about every other child in America dressed like a character from the hit Disney film for Halloween , the Internet thought it had cracked the the case of the possible title for a "  Frozen 2 . " The film has grossed so much money  more than $ 1 billion  and become such a fixture in pop culture that there is little doubt that there will be a follow-up . Stitch Kingdom , a Disney fan site , posted a theory tied to the recent domain name acquisitions by the studio . "  Disney today registered several domain names that in no uncertain terms point to a film title -- Strange Magic , " the site reports . "  But the strangest bit of it all is that there appears to be little-to-no mention of it anywhere to be found on the interwebs -- at least if you 're not talking about the Electric Light Orchestra  ELO  song and really , for all we know , we just might be . " The site found a link to "  Frozen " in that the words "  strange magic " are referenced by both the Duke of Weselton and Grand Pabbie in the movie . A TV ad for the film includes the duke saying , "  Strange magic has frozen this land . " But alas , it has nothing to do with a "  Frozen " sequel . "  Strange Magic " is set to be released January 23 . It 's not like "  Frozen " fans wo n't have plenty else to keep them enthralled . Random House has announced that it will be publishing a Frozen book series targeted at young readers that will serve as a written sequel to the film . There is also "  Frozen Fever , " a short animated sequel due out in 2015 , and a Broadway musical based on the 2013 film .	NEW : "  Strange Magic " is not a "  Frozen " sequel , studio announces No official movie sequel has been announced One site noticed that Disney registered "  Strange Magic " domains
CNN  -- It will be Shakespeare as nobody has seen it before . Over six weeks next spring , London 's Globe Theatre will present all 37 of the Bard 's plays in 37 languages , performed by companies from as many countries . Theater groups from the newly independent nation of South Sudan and conflict-torn Afghanistan , as well as the Balkans , China , New Zealand , South Africa , Italy , France , Russia and Belarus will be among those taking part . One play , Love 's Labour 's Lost , will be performed entirely in British Sign Language  BSL  , used by the deaf community , while the Q Brothers from Chicago will stage Othello in hip hop . Tom Bird , festival director for the Globe to Globe event -- which will run from April to June as part of the "  cultural Olympiad " ahead of the London 2012 Olympics -- told CNN it was the most ambitious project of its kind . Between a third and a half of the plays to be staged had already been adapted into the various languages , but the festival 's organizers also traveled widely looking for talented theater groups to create new adaptations . They were "  completely bowled over " by the enthusiasm shown for the project by countries around the world , he said , and had to make some difficult decisions about who would make the cut . "  The tricky thing is we ca n't get everyone in , so we thought a little bit about the languages that are spoken in London , like Urdu , Yoruba and Polish , " Bird said . "  We also looked at countries that have a great long history of performing Shakespeare , like Georgia and Armenia , and finally if there was a very good show , we could take that anyway . " Some of the groups chosen to take part face "  incredible obstacles that no European or Western theater company would have to put up , " he said . The actors from Afghanistan had been rehearsing in the British Council compound in the capital , Kabul , that was attacked last month , leaving eight people dead and twice as many injured . "  Luckily they were n't there on that day , but it was really a very , very lucky miss , " Bird said . The Afghan actors can not currently get visas for Britain in Kabul , so will have to rehearse The Comedy of Errors in India and then travel to London from there , he said . Acting involving both men and women , the latter not always covering their heads , also presents a cultural challenge , he added . The theater company from South Sudan gave its first performance at independence day celebrations this summer , as the new nation emerged from decades of civil conflict . The group will perform William Shakespeare 's Cymbeline in Juba Arabic , in what will be "  a great moment in the history of the country , " Bird said . The three plays of Henry VI , about England 's first great civil war of the 15th century , will be staged as a Balkan trilogy by the national theaters of Serbia , Albania and Macedonia , whose actors can draw on the region 's recent turbulent past . Globe to Globe 's statement points to the Belarus Free Theater -- which will perform King Lear -- as "  the world 's bravest theater company " for its work , "  which it does in spite of the threat of state persecution . " The Palestinian group Ashtar Theater , from Ramallah , will present Richard III in Palestinian Arabic , while the Israeli National Theater company Habima will perform The Merchant of Venice in Hebrew . Bird hopes the range of languages represented will bring a new audience to the Globe , a reproduction of the original Elizabethan theater on the banks of the River Thames in which William Shakespeare himself had a stake . An estimated 60,000 Bangla speakers live in London 's inner city Tower Hamlets area , he said -- and the festival organizers hope many will want to see The Tempest performed in that tongue . Some of the 130,000 Brazilians in London could also flock to the Globe to see Romeo and Juliet performed in Brazilian Portuguese by a troupe from Belo Horizonte . As for those theater enthusiasts who do n't speak a myriad of languages ? They wo n't find a line-by-line subtitling of each play , Bird said , but a synopsis will be provided so people can follow the gist of what is happening -- and performances will be limited to no more than two-and-a-quarter hours in length . Audiences can also enjoy experiencing performance styles , costumes and music from the four corners of the world . "  We want people to really listen to the language , even if they do n't understand it , " Bird said . "  We hope they will enjoy hearing these familiar stories in an unfamiliar language . " Tickets will be on sale to the public from October 17 . The Globe to Globe festival starts April 23 , William Shakespeare 's birthday .	Shakespeare 's plays will be presented in 37 different languages Theater companies from all over the world are taking part Among them are groups from South Sudan , Afghanistan and the United States The Globe to Globe festival is part of London 's Olympic build-up
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry said Friday that the United States is prepared to enter into talks with North Korea , but only if it is serious about negotiating the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula Kerry is in Seoul meeting with South Korean Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se amid heightened tensions spurred by North Korea 's recent nuclear threats and provocations . He landed in Seoul , about 30 miles from the demilitarized zone separating the two countries . The Korean peninsula is rife with tensions over the belligerent threats issued by Pyongyang . The United States will defend itself and its allies if needed , Kerry said . "  North Korea will not be accepted as a nuclear power , " he said at a news conference with Yun . "  The rhetoric that we are hearing is simply unacceptable . " Pentagon intelligence assessment suggesting North Korea may have the ability to deliver a nuclear weapon on a missile has set off a flurry in Washington , with top officials trying to play down concerns about the capabilities of the Pyongyang regime . The Pentagon 's intelligence arm has assessed with "  moderate confidence " that North Korea has the ability to deliver a nuclear weapon with a ballistic missile , though the reliability is believed to be "  low . " First disclosed by a congressman at a hearing Thursday and then confirmed to CNN by the Defense Department , the assessment by the Defense Intelligence Agency is the clearest acknowledgment yet by the United States about potential advances in North Korea 's nuclear program . Will Kim Jong Un listen to China ? The United States calculates that a test launch of mobile ballistic missiles could come at any time . But a senior administration official said there is no indication that missiles that North Korea is believed to be readying for tests have been armed with any nuclear material . The surprising development comes amid heightened tensions on the Korean Peninsula . North Korea has unleashed a torrent of dramatic threats against the United States and South Korea in recent weeks , including that of a possible nuclear strike . Kerry 's Asia trip will include visits to China and Japan . The tour comes at a time when all three countries have new leaders . The North Korea we rearely see It 's the first time the Obama administration is engaging with all three countries in the same trip , the State Department said . The top U.S. diplomat 's trip comes days after he warned the North on what he calls leader Kim Jong Un 's "  provocative ... dangerous , reckless " rhetoric and actions . China , U.S. officials say , is growing more concerned about the North 's provocations , but it also is closely watching Washington 's latest military moves in the region . Report sparks intel controversy Kerry will try to convince leaders in Beijing that Pyongyang is "  putting China 's own interests at risk , " a senior administration official said . Pyongyang 's provocations are the immediate threat , but the Obama administration 's "  pivot to Asia " has broader strategic implications for Beijing . Throughout his Asia swing , Kerry will have to balance his short-term and long-term diplomatic objectives . "  Secretary Kerry can reassure regional states that , as a Pacific century dawns , the United States will continue to be right in the middle of it and will not allow any power to edge the United States out of a region where nearly every country welcomes its leadership , " said Daniel Twining , the German Marshall Fund 's senior fellow for Asia . "  He should also make clear that the United States will not countenance aggression against any territory covered by the U.S.-Japan Security Treaty and commit to working closely with Japan to meet security challenges across Asia , starting with North Korea . "	NEW : The United States will defend itself and its allies if needed , Kerry says Kerry 's Asia trip will include visits to China and Japan His three host nations all have new leaders
CNN  -- A substitute preschool teacher suspected of molesting up to 50 children has been arrested in Amsterdam , the Netherlands , the international police organization Interpol said . Dutch prosecution officials have said the 27-year-old man , known as "  Robert M , " confessed to abusing dozens of children and had images of child sexual abuse at his home , according to a statement Monday from Interpol . An investigation started after the image of a young boy was identified by his family following its broadcast on Dutch television on December 7 at the request of Dutch national police , Interpol said . The victim 's image was part of a series depicting the sexual abuse of a child under age 5 seized during an operation in the United States by officials from Immigration and Customs Enforcement , Interpol said . The series was added to the International Child Sexual Exploitation database  ICSE  at Interpol 's general secretariat in Lyon , the police organization said . Images from the same series of child pornography had already been seized and added to the database by victim identification specialists from the National Child Exploitation Coordination Centre of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police , Interpol said . "  This case is a clear demonstration of the fact that so-called ` child pornography ' can only be produced through the actual sexual abuse of children and that the global trade in child sexual abuse material can only be effectively policed by international cooperation through global channels of the type facilitated by INTERPOL 's victim identification team , " Bernd Rossbach , director of Interpol 's specialized crime unit , said in the statement .	Officials identify the suspect as "  Robert M , " a substitute preschool teacher He is arrested in Amsterdam on suspicion of molesting up to 50 children Interpol : Child pornography can only be produced through the sexual abuse of children
CNN  -- Whether you 're into exclusive bars , dingy dives or the dubious pleasures of a sweaty moshpit , Seattle has plenty to keep you entertained . For something completely different , Teatro ZinZanni dishes up food , comedy and cabaret . If it 's a classy cocktail you 're after then Zig Zag Café  1501 Western Avenue  is the place for you . The cocktail list is innovative and the drinks are lovingly crafted by master mixologist Murray -- something of a legend among Seattle 's cocktail cognoscenti . Try "  Satan 's Soulpatch , " made with bourbon , vermouth , Grand Marnier , orange and orange bitters -- devilishly good . See Sound Lounge  115 Blanchard Street  is a stylish bar with futuristic décor and a knack of attracting top house DJs , while Cha Cha Lounge  1013 Pike Street  is a quasi dive bar decorated with images of Mexican wrestlers . Brash and bohemian , it 's crammed full of hipsters hell-bent on having a good time . The drinks are reasonably priced , the Margaritas potent and happy hour lasts for the whole of Sunday and Monday . So it 's best not to make any plans for Tuesday ... Seattle is a great city for beer lovers , with a profusion of microbreweries in the region . You can sample local draughts at the city 's many brewpubs -- specialty establishments that usually offer a good selection of craft-brewed beers , along with their own microbrews . The Elysian Brewing Company  1221 East Pike Street  and Elliot Bay Brewery and Pub  4720 California Avenue SW  are both worth checking out . Get there early to work your way through their impressive range of ales . Seattle is famous for being the birthplace of Grunge and while that particular genre may have had its day , the city still boasts a lively music scene . The Crocodile Café was a mainstay of the Seattle circuit until it closed in 2007 , but the word is that it will re-open next year . Until then , there 's always Re-Bar  1114 Howell Street  , which also puts on some fantastic club nights , and Chop Suey  1325 East Madison  -- a hip , and often unbearably hot , place to check out up-and-coming bands and DJs . Dimitriou 's Jazz Alley  2033 Sixth Avenue  is an excellent jazz venue and there 's live music almost every night at the Tractor Tavern  5213 Ballard Avenue  . The cowboy boots dangling from the ceiling are a clue to the music policy , which tends towards folk , alt-country and bluegrass . For something completely different , there 's Teatro ZinZanni  222 Mercer Street  , an OTT spectacular of the weird and wonderful . Tickets start at $ 104 and grant you access to a surreal combination of circus , cabaret and fine dining . The five-course menu was created by famed Seattle chef Tom Douglas and is accompanied by a three-hour show of vaudeville-inspired wackiness . Where to stay | What to see | Where to be seen | Where to eat | Where to shop ... . Do you agree with our Seattle picks ? Send us your comments and suggestions in the "  Sound Off " box below and we 'll print the best	Zig Zag Café is great for cocktails , while Cha Cha Lounge is a hip hangout Seattle has some great local beers you can sample at the city 's brewpubs If you like your music live you can catch a rocking show at Re-Bar or Chop Suey Teatro ZinZanni offers its own bizarre blend of fine dining , circus and cabaret
CNN  -- The Ebola outbreak in West Africa has hit "  unprecedented " proportions , according to relief workers on the ground , with the WHO reporting 844 cases including 518 deaths since the epidemic began in March . There is no cure or vaccine to treat Ebola , but the aid agency MSF has shown it does n't have to be a death sentence if treated early . Ebola typically kills 90 % of patients but the death rate in this outbreak has dropped to roughly 60 % . One man who survived the disease describes how the virus took hold . How did you contract Ebola ? I am an agronomist and I have two children , one boy and one girl . I work in the pharmacy at the health center of Gueckedou in southern Guinea . When my father was hospitalized at the health center I naturally volunteered to be at his bedside so other family members would not have to make the daily trek of tens of kilometers , traversing the trails between their village and the facility . I cleaned him when he vomited and also did his laundry . I also often gave him food and drink . He had diarrhea at least eight times per day but I did not know he was suffering from Ebola . Five days after being hospitalized , -LSB- my father -RSB- passed away . After his death the medical staff realized he had presented Ebola symptoms and as I had close contact with him , it meant that I was at risk . So they told me that I needed to be followed up for 21 days and if ever I felt a small fever I had to come to the health center . The countdown then started for me : after nine days I got fever and this persisted until the 11th day . Finally I went to the treatment center -- where I did an Ebola test which was positive . What were the symptoms ? How did you feel while you were ill ? I first got a fever which persisted . My body temperature reached nearly 40C  104 degrees Fahrenheit  . After that I had diarrhea , vomits , dysentery and hiccups -LSB- all symptoms of Ebola -RSB- . I went to the toilet several times a day and I felt so tired and uncomfortable . How and where were you treated ? I received medical assistance at the Ebola treatment center , put in place at the health centre of Gueckedou . The medical staff provided me with oral medications and infusions . They also provided me with food . I suffered at lot in the beginning with diarrhoea and hiccups but with the treatment I started to feel better . What was the initial reaction in your home village after you recovered ? Joy , for my family because everyone thought that I would not survive this disease as many others people had died . However before the medical staff released me to go back to my family they tested me three times to make sure that I really had recovered . Afterwards they gave me a certificate of discharge . They also visited my family , the leaders and elders of my community to inform them that I had recovered and I was no longer contagious . Despite this , I was stigmatized . Some people avoided me in the beginning but now , over time , they have learned to accept me . Now they call me "  anti-Ebola . " You 're now working with Red Cross volunteers in Guinea to raise awareness of the disease : what lessons are passing on ? I am part of a team of Red Cross volunteers , visiting communities , raising awareness on how to prevent the spread of the disease . One of the messages I try to pass on to the communities is to go early to the health center when sufferers first feel symptoms . The treatment is free of charge . People there will give you food and clothes and you can get a chance to survive . What 's your message for the outside world about Ebola ? How can they help ? Everyone should be mobilized . We need to educate people and increase the sensitization . This is the key to stop the dangerous disease Ebola . Many people have already died , that is why I participate in activities -LSB- to educate people -RSB- . I urge people to go the isolation and treatment centres if they experience the earliest symptoms of the disease , to increase their chance of being cured and surviving .	The WHO reported 844 cases including 518 deaths since the Ebola epidemic began in March Saa Sabas says he caught the virus from his father who died from the disease Despite recovering , he says he was stigmatized by his community "  Now , over time , they have learned to accept me . Now they call me ` anti-Ebola , ' " he says
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwean President Mugabe joined mourners Tuesday at a church service for Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's wife , who was killed last week in a car wreck . Robert Mugabe speaks at the memorial service for Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai 's wife , Susan . "  We are doing our best that we create a conducive environment and tell our supporters that the issue of violence must end , " Mugabe told hundreds of people at a service at Mabelreign Methodist Church in Harare . Afterward , about 30,000 people gathered at Glamis Stadium in Harare to remember Susan Tsvangirai . Many wiped away tears as speakers addressed them , and some later held up signs that said , "  We miss you mother , " and "  Goodbye Mama . " Tsvangirai , wearing dark sunglasses , stood impassively during one part of the ceremony . The service at the stadium was an extension of the church service , as the church could not accommodate all those who wanted to attend , Tsvangirai 's spokesman , James Maridadi , told CNN . Watch Tsvangirai at the memorial service " "  Most of us are in pain , but the majority of us are so shocked we could not feel the pain , " Movement for Democratic Change Secretary-General Tendai Biti told the crowd at Glamis Stadium , according to a MDC statement . Susan Tsvangirai was "  an activist and revolutionary in her own right , " Biti said . "  She believed in the same values as her husband in wishing to bring about democratic change in Zimbabwe through a new , people-driven constitution . " Biti said Susan Tsvangirai had given support and guidance to her husband , the longtime opposition leader and head of MDC . "  As a result , we must take her passing on as an inspiration and must stop feeling pity for ourselves , " Biti said , the MDC statement reported . The couple was traveling Friday from Harare to their rural home in Buhera when a truck collided with their vehicle , killing Susan Tsvangirai . The prime minister suffered minor injuries in the wreck , which occurred along a busy two-lane highway . Mark Weinberg , a spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Harare , told CNN the truck belonged to a U.S. Agency for International Development partner who delivers medical supplies as part of a U.S.-British program . Edwin Tsvangirai , the prime minister 's eldest son , also spoke Tuesday to those gathered at the stadium , and said he saw the president differently after hearing Mugabe 's words at the church service . "  I would like to thank the president of Zimbabwe for his words today that made me change my understanding of him , " he said . Mugabe said the government will provide a state-assisted funeral for Susan Tsvangirai , who will be buried in Buhera on Wednesday . Some people traveled long distances to attend the stadium service . Marriam Garwe said she traveled 200 kilometers  124 miles  to be there . "  I want to pay my last respects to Mrs. Tsvangirai , " said Garwe , 43 , who is from Mutoko . "  I am sad that she died before Mr. Tsvangirai is the president . " Members of the MDC initially said that the prime minister believed Friday 's crash was an assassination attempt . Tsvangirai dismissed those assertions on Monday . "  When something like that happens there is speculation , but I want to assure you , if it was foul play it is one in a thousand , " he said after returning home from neighboring Botswana . "  It was an accident that unfortunately took her life . " Watch Tsvangirai say there was ` no foul play ' " After the crash , Biti said police should have provided better security for Tsvangirai . The wreck might not have happened , he said , if a police escort had been on hand . Tsvangirai has long been a leading opposition figure in Zimbabwe . His agreement to join the coalition government with Mugabe last month seemed to resolve an impasse created by the disputed presidential election between Mugabe and Tsvangirai last year . Tsvangirai received the most votes in the March 2008 election , but he fell short of the 50 percent required to avoid a runoff . He withdrew as a candidate in the runoff , citing political violence and intimidation targeting his supporters . Negotiations between the two sides culminated in the power-sharing agreement . .	Hundreds of people gathered at the Glamis Stadium in the capital , Harare Mugabe : "  Tell our supporters that the issue of violence must end " Susan Tsvangirai died Friday after car was hit by a truck head-on Tsvangirai : There was no foul play , "  It was an accident that ... took her life "
CNN  -- Bayern Munich resumed their quest for a 23rd league title on Saturday with a 2-0 win over Greuther Furth at the Allianz Arena as the Bundesliga returned to action after it 's annual winter break . Croatia striker Mario Mandzukic scored twice -- one in each half -- to earn Bayern all three points to keep Jupp Heynckes ' side nine points clear at the top and Greuther Furth anchored at the foot of the table . Heynckes , who gives way to Pep Guardiola at the end of the season , was satisfied with his team 's performance . "  We 're pleased we won and also kept a clean sheet , " Heynckes said . "  Our game was tenacious and not so fluid as we are used to , but perhaps that is a positive , as we know what we have to work on , " he added . Bayer Leverkusen remain in second place after a 3-1 win at home to fourth-placed Frankfurt . Two goals in two minutes from Polish defender Sebastian Boenisch and striker Stefan Kiessling saw the home side take control of the match on the half-hour mark . Andre Schuerrle made it 3-0 in the 58th minute , before Frankfurt 's Alexander Meier scored a consolation goal with 12 minutes remaining . Defending champions Borussia Dortmund thumped Werder Bremen 5-0 to stay in third place while seventh-placed Mainz and sixth-placed Freiburg played out a goalless draw . The game between Hoffenheim and Moenchengladbach also ended goalless -- a result which keeps Hoffenheim third from bottom and still seven points from safety . Moenchengladbach remain eighth . Sunday 's fixtures see Nuremberg take on Hamburg , while Duesseldorf host Augbsurg .	Bayern Munich return to action after winter break with 2-0 win over Greuther Furth Bayern announced former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola will take over in summer Second-place Leverkusen beat Frankfurt 3-1 ; Borussia Dortmund thrash Bremen 5-0
Perth , Australia  CNN  -- "  I 'm an engineer , so we do n't talk emotions too much . " Those were the words of Capt. Mark Matthews of the U.S. Navy shortly after the Australian Defense vessel Ocean Shield had discovered a series of pings in the southern Indian Ocean . Perhaps he did n't want to discuss his feelings . But he had a twinkle in his eye , a bit of what he called "  cautious optimism . " I 've seen that same glimmer shining through on the faces of dozens of others involved in the arduous search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 . It 's been there through each new lead , and even through some of the setbacks . The search for the missing Boeing 777 has gone on for eight weeks now . We 've all had to learn a new technical language : from Inmarsat satellite data and the "  Doppler Effect , " to the TPL-25 and Bluefin-21 . We 've heard countless theories about where the plane might have gone and who might have been flying it . Both the science and the science fiction have , at times , almost drowned out what this search is about at its core : solving the mystery of what happened to the 239 men , women , and children who were on board MH370 . Closure It takes people to find clues and to follow the trail of where they lead . People who are working tirelessly across borders and time zones , putting their lives on hold with the aim of bringing even the smallest bit of closure to the families of those who have been lost , and to prevent their nightmare from ever happening again . Some , like Capt. Matthews , might humbly say that they 're just doing their jobs . Others remain anonymous , like the international team in Kuala Lumpur , who did much to give the search a tangible focus , even if that focus has shifted several times . I 've been covering the missing flight for CNN for more than 50 days in Malaysia and Australia . I ca n't pretend that what I do compares with the dedication of the hundreds of service members from China to New Zealand , who have flown tirelessly day after day over millions of square kilometers of the Indian Ocean . I ca n't pretend that I understand the pain of Selamat Omar , who lost his 29-year-old son , or Danica Weeks , whose husband , Paul , disappeared on the way to start a new job in Mongolia . But as a journalist , I 've felt at least a small part of their confusion and frustration . I recall the difficulty in getting a candid response from Malaysian authorities in the early days of the search -- the way they sidestepped almost all tough questions during that first week after the plane vanished . I remember the Chinese family members who were brave enough to try to take their quest for answers public and were dragged out of the press room in Kuala Lumpur , screaming and crying . Thinking about their grief , the expressions on their faces that afternoon , still hits me hard . Human spirit There have also been moments that have made me proud to be telling this story -- moments that have to do with the human spirit . The card from a 7-year-old on the Wall of Hope inside Kuala Lumpur International Airport , which said she was ready to greet the MH370 passengers as soon as they landed safely . The moment I saw the pinger locator and Bluefin-21 robotic submarine on the dock at Garden Island in Western Australia , I felt a sense of awe and honor standing just steps away from keys that still have the potential to unlock this puzzle . And the moment search chief Angus Houston told the world "  I 'm now optimistic that we will find the aircraft ... in the not too distant future . But we have n't found it yet because this is a very challenging business . " A voice of reassurance and reason , even if the challenge soon outweighed the optimism . Over the past eight weeks , I 've witnessed something . It 's called hope . It was in the words of the housekeeper who answered the front door at Captain Zaharie 's house in the Kuala Lumpur suburbs . It was in in the wake of the Ocean Shield as it pulled away from the dock at Stirling Naval Base and made speed for the search area . It was there when I sat a few feet away from the Malaysia Airlines CEO on Day 4 , and it was there when I spoke to Captain Matthews around Day 44 . Just a few days ago , I felt it again , when I returned to Pearce Air Force Base outside Perth . As I stepped onto the tarmac , I recalled the first time I 'd done so , more than a month earlier , to welcome back one of our reporters after she 'd taken part in an 11-hour search flight . Solving the mystery Almost 350 flights later , the massive air search was over with no trace of MH370 . Planes from seven countries were lined up in formation at Pearce . Flight crews from Australia to Malaysia to South Korea traded stories , reflecting on the moments behind them , before pausing to recognize the task that still lies ahead . I remember what a young American pilot who flew on the P8 Poseidon search plane told me : that his greatest disappointment after weeks of looking out over the vast open ocean was not being able to give the families what they needed the most . And that if he could continue the search , he would , until the day he found something . After all these weeks , it 's a feeling that remains strong as ever -- the hope and the belief that we may eventually be able to solve this mystery , and that the families of 239 passengers and crew will one day have the answer to a crucial question : Why ?	The search for the missing Boeing 777 has gone on for eight weeks now No closer to solving mystery of what happened to the 239 men , women , and children Despite frustration , searchers remain determined to bring closure to relatives of passengers
CNN  As a person-of-color , African-American , veteran minority journalist and longtime enthusiast of all things "  Daily Show , " I am of course as happy , proud and thrilled as the wife of a successful Apollo astronaut over the impending ascension of Trevor Noah , the biracial comedian from South Africa , to Jon Stewart 's anchor chair on what 's believed by many to be the most trusted half-hour of news and information in America . As a person who believes in fair play and equal opportunity for all , I am also moved to wonder when a woman will get the chance to preside over a talk show after sunset ? Look . I do n't mean to sound ungrateful . After generations of near-to-total invisibility on mass media airwaves , it 's bracing to find a whole one-hour block of high-profile cable television infotainment anchored by men who look like me . Indeed , in pushing forth both Noah and Larry Wilmore , the writer , comic and erstwhile National Black Correspondent for "  The Daily Show , " to preside over both halves of Comedy Central 's much-coveted 11 p.m.-to-midnight bloc , Stewart is acknowledging what the mainstream of the country truly is : i.e. not as pale-faced as it once thought it was . And so far , Wilmore 's "  The Nightly Show , " which premiered earlier this year as a replacement for the very different "  Daily Show " companion once hosted by Stephen Colbert , is gradually establishing its own identity as an equally cheeky hybrid of sketch satire and celebrity forum with its own multicultural flavor . Still , one does wonder what happened to the groundswell of support building among "  Daily Show " constituents for Jessica Williams , a three-year veteran of the show and an early favorite for Stewart 's spot after he announced last month he was leaving . Williams , who is black , tweeted back to her supporters her grateful opinion that she was "  extremely under-qualified for the job . " Maybe , but what about Samantha Bee ? She 's the "  most senior correspondent " for "  The Daily Show " and is taking her penchant for performance artistry and provocation to TBS , where she 'll create her own satiric news franchise . Her track record bodes well for her prospects there . But it 's difficult to find any evidence that she was considered a Stewart successor -- though her announcement that she was leaving the show came a month after Stewart 's . Besides Bee ? No one , least of all those affiliated with Comedy Central , have disclosed any candidates besides Noah . There was even less buzz about the Stewart opening than Colbert 's a year ago , during which time there were many willing to say that now was the time to finally give a woman a shot at late-night TV for the first time since the late Joan Rivers ' Fox Network effort , "  The Late Show " came in 1987 -- and went in 1988 . And yes , we are n't neglecting Chelsea Handler , whose "  Chelsea Lately " was for seven seasons on the E! Network a bawdier late-night alternative to whatever Letterman , Stewart and others were putting down beyond prime-time . She 's supposed to start streaming a new show through Netflix sometime next year . So one supposes she 's pretty busy . It will happen , perhaps sooner than one now expects . Look how long it took before Diane Sawyer and Katie Couric were given their shots to anchor evening news broadcasts on ABC and CBS respectively . Hmmm ... wonder what they 're doing after 11 p.m. these days .	As a black man , Gene Seymour thrilled Trevor Noah tapped for "  Daily Show . " But in service of fair play he asks : Why not a woman for the job ? Jessica Williams , Samantha Bee would have been good candidates . When will women finally get their shot at late night ?
Washington  CNN  -- More than 2 million people have signed up so far for health coverage under Obamacare , officials said Tuesday in trying to put the best face forward before the controversial health care reforms fully kick in with the start of 2014 . The enrollment figure represented a big increase after the botched launch of the system in October , but Health Secretary Kathleen Sebelius was unable to say how many of the 2.1 million who enrolled have paid their first premium to ensure their policies take effect on Wednesday . Sebelius and other officials also acknowledged the possibility of more potential problems , warning people to bring proof of coverage with them to their doctor or pharmacy , pay premiums when due and double-check with insurers that they are covered . CNNMoney : Starting the new year in Obamacare limbo Under the reforms , Americans will be required to have health coverage or face a fine . Sebelius called the full implementation of reforms under the 2010 Affordable Care Act a new era in health insurance , noting they mean no denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions or other discriminatory practices such as charging women more than men . "  Starting tomorrow , being a woman will no longer be a pre-existing condition , " Sebelius said on a conference call with journalists . The Obamacare enrollment figure is below the target of 3 million originally set by the administration for the end of December , which is halfway through an initial six-month sign-up period under the law intended to help millions of previously uninsured Americans get coverage . Overall , the administration hopes to enroll 7 million people by March 31 while also expanding eligibilty for Medicaid , the government health care program for the impoverished . Sebelius said Tuesday that another 3.9 million people were eligible for coverage through expanded Medicaid and Children 's Health Insurance Program , but she was unable to specify how many have become new enrollees . The botched rollout of the new marketplaces on October 1 , when the HealthCare.gov website set up to handle the enrollment failed to work properly , damaged the sign-up process until the system began working better in early December . Sebelius said the administration was "  doing everything we can to help ensure a smooth transition period " for people getting new coverage . Anticipating possible problems in the enrollment system , Sebelius also advised in her blog post that "  if you thought you enrolled in health coverage but are n't showing up in the system , call your insurance company directly . " She also said people could contact the Obamacare call center for assistance . Asked if the website woes in October and November could be due to attacks from outside by Obamacare opponents , a spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services told reporters there were technological problems but no sign of hacking . The health care reforms championed by President Barack Obama have become the defining issue of his presidency , with Republicans led by tea party conservatives trying to dismantle them while some Democrats appearing leery of campaigning on them in the November congressional elections . While the Supreme Court ruled the mandate to obtain health coverage was constitutional , further legal challenges are being mounted . Also on Tuesday , a group of Catholic organizations , in an emergency appeal , asked the Supreme Court to delay the Obamacare requirement that certain religious-affiliated groups provide contraception and "  abortion-inducing drug " coverage to their workers . Catholic groups ask Supreme Court to delay Obamacare mandate Archdioceses in Washington , D.C. , Tennessee and Michigan -- along with affiliated groups that include Catholic University -- asked Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Elena Kagan to block enforcement of the related employer mandates set to take effect on Wednesday . The issue has been a major sticking sticking point with religious groups and private for-profit companies that have strong moral objections . The Supreme Court agreed last month to hear two cases involving for-profit corporations who say their religious liberty is violated by the law . Top official who oversaw Obamacare website retiring	Officials ca n't say how many have paid to ensure coverage as of Wednesday No signs of hacking so far into Obamacare website , an official says Enrollment figure is below the target originally set by the administration NEW : Catholic groups seek Supreme Court intervention on Obamacare contraception issue
CNN  -- It 's a bright May morning and the purple-shirted army of tricycle drivers is on the streets of Lagos once again . Eyes trained ahead , they zip past traffic on their specially-modified vehicles , dipping in and out of the Nigerian megacity 's slums . This is the mobile division of Wecyclers , an innovative enterprise using an incentive-based program to help solve Lagos 's acute waste management problem . Every week , the company 's cyclists peddle from door to door in low-income neighborhoods to pick up recyclable trash from registered households . Items like plastic bottles , aluminum cans and plastic sachets are all weighed and logged on site , and from there are taken to a specific sorting area where they 're bagged in order to be sold to recycling factories . In return , participating households receive points via SMS . These can eventually be exchanged for rewards , mainly donated items ranging from bowls and blenders to food products and mobile phone air time . "  Every three months they have opportunity to redeem the points for something , " says Weclycers chief executive Bilikiss Adebiyi-Abiola . "  So we give them really small gifts that just motivate them and encourage them to recycle . " Lagos , a sprawling megacity of more than 18 million people , generates a massive 10,000 metric tons of waste daily , according to the city 's waste management authority . Only 40 % of it is believed to be formally collected , leaving large quantities of rubbish blocking gutters and piling up on streets and outside houses -- a major health and environmental hazard . "  Low income communities are the ones that are more affected , " says Adebiyi-Abiola . "  People  end up living in their waste , so we basically saw that there was a really big need to provide collection services for people that are living in the low-income areas . " Born and bred in Lagos , Adebiyi-Abiola went to the United States at the age of 17 . There , she trained and worked as a computer scientist , before enrolling to MIT for a masters in business administration . It was during that time , while working on a study project focused on the problems faced by people in low-income areas , when she came up with the idea to launch a company offering waste collection and recycling services in her hometown . "  I really love Lagos and I wanted to do something that would give back to it , " says Adebiyi-Abiola . "  For me , the environment is really where it all starts , " she adds . "  When you have a clean environment then you have health , when you have health then you can start thinking about money , jobs and things like that . " Set up just a year and a half ago , Wecyclers has grown today to have some 5,000 households subscribed to its service . The startup has so far collected nearly 300 tons of waste , using a fleet of 16 low-cost cargo bicycles that are creatively designed to transport large cloth sacks of trash . In regards to recycling as a business , however , there are still many challenges faced by Wecyclers , which is yet to make a profit . "  We hope that as we grow and add value to the material we sell , then we hope to see profits come in , " says Adebiyi-Abiola , who employs 31 people . Despite the problems , the entrepreneur has big plans for the future . She says she 's determined to keep on working to expand the service across Lagos and beyond and ultimately help to change people 's attitudes toward waste . "  I want to show the whole world that this is something that can succeed , " says Adebiyi-Abiola . "  That we can create a low-cost way of solving the Nigerian problems , the Lagos problems , here , with Lagos solutions , " she adds . "  To show that we can have ingenuity and innovation here and almost create a movement around waste and make people realize the importance of recycling and the environment -- I 'm already seeing that but I want to see it on a really big scale all across Nigeria . "	Bilikiss Adebiyi-Abiola is the co-founder and CEO of Lagos-based startup Wecyclers The company uses incentives to make Lagos households recycle their waste The Nigerian megacity produces 10,000 metric tons of waste on a daily basis
CNN  -- "  Pulp Fiction . " "  Django Unchained . " "  Gangs of New York . " "  Kill Bill . " "  Inglourious Basterds . " All are celebrated , popular films containing what some saw as excessive , graphic violence that glorified as much as humanized the bloodshed . And all have uber-producer Harvey Weinstein to thank for bringing them to the big screen . No more . Weinstein told CNN 's Piers Morgan on Friday night that he ca n't in good good conscience advocate against on-screen violence while promoting movies that some claim revel in it . He promised to steer clear of such projects in the future . "  I ca n't do it , " Weinstein said . "  I ca n't make one movie and say this is what I want for my kids , and then just go out and be a hypocrite . " The co-founder -- with his brother Bob -- of Miramax Films and now the Weinstein Co. spoke days after announcing plans for a movie that will be critical of the National Rifle Association . He stressed Friday that "  the movie will be entertaining , " and not a documentary , characterizing it in the same vein as the classic "  Mr. Smith Goes to Washington . " In this case , the Mr. Smith role -- of a U.S. senator who goes toe-to-toe with the NRA -- will be played by Oscar-winning actress Meryl Streep . "  I know the power of what a movie can do , " Weinstein said of his hopes for the project , "  because a movie can galvanize a country . " There 's been a sharp backlash to this initiative from conservative news outlets to rock star/gun rights advocate Ted Nugent , who has speculated that the movie will backfire and end up bolstering the NRA . But Weinstein -- a well-known Democratic party donor -- says he is n't backing down . He characterized the resistance to gun control in the United States as a byproduct of the big business of the gun industry . The producer said he felt compelled to do more , and change his tack , after the December 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut -- some 20 minutes from where he and his children live -- left 20 young students and 6 others dead . Weinstein recalled calls to action to address gun violence in the wake of such mass shootings , only to have that momentum seemingly fade after a few days . He says he 'd been among those who spoke out for such measures , even as some of his movies had their share of blood and gore . That wo n't happen any longer , Weinstein said . While he has no problems with real-to-life films like "  Lone Survivor , " the current hit chronicling a team of Navy SEALs in Afghanistan , the producer vowed , "  I 'm not going to make some crazy action movie just to blow up people and exploit people . " "  I 've done a good job of feeling sympathetic for it over the years , but I 've done also a good job of ignoring it and saying that 's somebody else 's fight , " Weinstein said . He added , "  But It 's in my backyard now . And as much as I want to ignore it , as much as I want to go on with my regular life , I ca n't shake it this time . "	Harvey Weinstein says he wo n't back "  crazy action  movies  to blow up ... and exploit people " He says it 's hypocritical to push for gun control while producing some violent films "  Pulp Fiction , " "  Gangs of New York , " "  Django Unchained " were all produced by Weinstein Weinstein speaks days after announcing that he 's behind a movie critical of the NRA
CNN  -- Nigeria joined Group C rivals Egypt in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after they completed a 3-0 victory over Mozambique on Wednesday . Osaze Odemwingie struck either side of halftime break for Nigeria at the Tundavala Stadium in Lubango before substitute Obafemi Martins sealed victory for the the ` Super Eagles ' . Nigeria had enjoyed the majority of possession and took the lead moments before the interval when Odemwingie found space inside the penalty area . The Lokomotiv Moscow midfielder was able to take full advantage and rifled a low near-post shot past Mozambique goalkeeper Joao Rafael and into the net . Shuaibu Amodu 's side doubled their lead two minutes after the break when the unmarked Odemwingie was able to control a cross from Yakubu Aiyegbeni and tap the ball home from close range . Everton striker Yakubu was substituted and replaced by Martins who got his name on the scoresheet five minutes from time . John Obi Mikel punished some sloppy Mozambique defending but lashed a shot straight at Rafael who parried the ball into Martins and he confidently stroked the ball home . Defending champions Egypt cruised into the knockout stages with a 100 percent record after a routine 2-0 victory over Benin which extended their unbeaten run in the Africa Cup of Nations to 16 games . Egypt coach Hassan Shehata rested key players Ahmed Fathi and Wael Gomaa but they still had too much quality for Benin and took the lead in the seventh minute with an audacious effort by Ahmed Al-Mohammadi . The defender lashed an ambitious shot from long range which caught Benin goalkeeper Yoann Djidonou off his line and dropped into the top-right corner of the net . Egypt doubled their lead in the 23rd minute when Emad Motaeb was able to bundle the ball home from close range after Ahmed Raouf 's header had been parried by Djidonou . The win ensured the ` Pharaohs ' qualified with nine points at the top of Group C and Nigeria went through with six while Benin and Mozambique end their campaigns with just a point apiece .	Nigeria joined Group C rivals Egypt in the quarterfinals of the Africa Cup of Nations after they completed a 3-0 victory over Mozambique . Osaze Odemwingie struck either side of halftime break for Nigeria before Obafemi Martins scored five minute from time . Defending champions Egypt cruised into the knockout stages with a 100 percent record after a routine 2-0 victory over Benin . Egypt qualified with nine points and Nigeria went through with six while Benin and Mozambique ended with just a point apiece .
CNN  Former Texas Gov. Rick Perry again asserted his innocence in the felony abuse-of-power case against him Wednesday and pledged to fight the charges , despite a Texas judge 's refusal to dismiss the case this week . "  I am confident that I will ultimately prevail because the prosecution 's case amounts to the criminalization of politics , " he said during a Wednesday afternoon press conference . Perry 's attorneys had sought to have the two criminal charges -- coercion of a public official and abuse of official capacity -- against him thrown out on constitutional grounds , their second failed attempt to have the case dismissed . Tony Buzbee , the governor 's attorney , said in a statement issued Tuesday that Perry "  acted lawfully and properly exercised his power under the law as Governor to protect the public safety and integrity of government . " "  Continued prosecution of Governor Perry is an outrage and sets a dangerous precedent in our Democracy . America 's commitment to the Constitution and the rule of law is at stake in this case , which is why we will immediately appeal this decision to the Third District Court of Appeals , " he said . The former governor has already spent more than $ 1 million from his campaign coffers on his defense , and another appeal is likely to take months and draw more resources as he prepares for a likely presidential bid . Perry was indicted in August related to his 2013 veto threat to veto funding for public corruption prosecutors in the state , a threat which he eventually carried out and one that critics said was intended to pressure a local district attorney to resign . District Attorney Rosemary Lehmberg , a Democrat , rebuffed the governor 's calls to resign after she was arrested and pleaded guilty in April of 2013 to drunken driving . The Texas governor is openly preparing for another presidential bid , and though the indictment was then seen as a possible impediment to his candidacy , he continued his travel to early primary states , and in fact drew widespread support from Republicans when the indictment was reported . His potential GOP primary opponents again came to his defense with the judge 's decision to allow the case to move forward this week . Sens. Rand Paul and Ted Cruz , along with Govs. Scott Walker and Chris Christie , all issued statements of support on social media . And Perry reiterated Thursday that the ongoing case will have no impact on his preparations for a second run . "  We 're moving right along as we have intended to " with those plans , he said , and hinted that he may already have his mind made up on whether to go forward with another bid . "  We 'll make a decision -- or , actually , make an announcement , is a better descriptive term -- in the May-June timetable just like we had intended to before this , " Perry added .	A Texas judge denied the second attempt by Rick Perry 's attorneys to have the felony charges against him thrown out Perry pledged to continue to fight the charges , which he said "  amounts to the criminalization of politics " He said he 's moving forward with a potential presidential bid , despite the charges
CNN  -- The question is not just whether Jim Thorpe , in death , will ever be allowed to rest in peace . The question is whether he ever managed to find true peace while he was alive . Thorpe , the Native American from rural Oklahoma who in the early years of the 20th century became the greatest athlete in the world , died in 1953 . He is back in the news because one of his sons , Jack Thorpe , 73 , is waging a legal battle to have his body removed from where it is buried in Pennsylvania and sent back to Oklahoma . "  I want to see him put away properly , " the son recently told reporter John Branch of The New York Times . "  I want him put where he wanted to be . " Jim Thorpe is buried in the town of Jim Thorpe , Pennsylvania , and the way that happened is a story in itself . Thorpe , the son of a Sac and Fox Indian blacksmith in Oklahoma , grew up with athletic ability so incandescent that the scope of his accomplishments mesmerized the world . He won two gold medals in the 1912 Olympic Games , for the decathlon and the pentathlon . He was a professional football star and is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame . He played baseball in the major leagues for six seasons . His heart was broken after newspapers reported that , before going to the Olympics , he had received small amounts of money for playing semi-pro baseball . Today , of course , the idea of professional athletes competing in the Olympics does n't even warrant a public yawn ; think of all the NBA players on the United States Olympic basketball team , or all the NHL players on various Olympic hockey teams . But back then there was an assumed purity to the idea of amateurism , and Thorpe was shamed by having his Olympic medals taken from him and his achievements nullified .  The medals were reinstated in 1983 , 30 years too late for him to know about it . His post-sports life was rugged . Beset by alcoholism , he died in a California trailer home at age 64 in 1953 . Various communities around the country offered to provide burial and a monument , in the hopes of attracting tourists . The Pennsylvania towns of Mauch Chunk and East Mauch Chunk made the most attractive offer to Thorpe 's third wife , Patricia : If they could have the body of the world 's greatest athlete , they would rename their towns . So it is that Thorpe , for more than half a century , has been buried in Jim Thorpe . He had eight children ; I got to know one of them , his daughter Grace , when she was 70 . She has since died , but some of the things she told me about her late dad have stayed with me , because they show a decent man who seemed lost in a lifetime blizzard of great fame and utter confusion . "  When Dad was too old to play sports anymore , he had to make a living , " she said . "  He had no money . There were no pension benefits or anything . He did n't know quite what to do . When he was in his 40s , he took a job out in California digging ditches . He did n't say much about that to me . He dug ditches because he had to make a buck . " Once hailed by kings and presidents for his athletic skills , Thorpe 's life , she said , became an almost constant struggle . She sensed his quiet sorrow about his medals being taken from him : "  I think he was bitter , but I do n't really know , because he did n't talk much about himself , good or bad . " His losing battle with alcohol haunted her . "  He was always so graceful , " she said . "  When I was very young I did n't understand what a great athlete he was , but I knew what a graceful person he was . He taught me how to ballroom dance . He took me in his arms and taught me how to dance . " Later in his life , she said , "  Sometimes he would come home after he had been drinking , and he would n't be physically graceful . He would slur his words and he would walk unsteadily , and it was a sad thing for me to see . " Whether Thorpe 's body will be taken out of its Pennsylvania resting place and shipped to Oklahoma is something the courts will decide . It is one more melancholy act in a once-glorious life that was blindsided by the fates . Grace Thorpe told me about a fleeting moment on one of the last days she ever spent with her dad . She was living in the small town of Pearl River , New York , near the New Jersey line , and in 1951 he came to visit her . "  Dad stayed with me , and he had to go to New York City for something , and I drove him to the bus stop , " she said . "  In Pearl River , the bus stop was right underneath the marquee of the movie theater . "  Years before , when he needed money , Dad had sold the rights to make a movie of his life to Warner Brothers . He had only been paid $ 1,500 for it . In 1951 Dad was 63 years old , and the movie had finally been made and had just come out . It starred Burt Lancaster , playing my dad . And it was showing at the Pearl River Theater that day . "  So Dad was standing underneath the marquee , and the marquee had the title on it : ` Jim Thorpe , All-American . ' I dropped him at the bus stop , and I looked back , and there he was . Dad was wearing his old suede jacket and a broad-brimmed hat , and he was carrying the same old suitcase he always carried . He was standing there kind of quiet , just waiting for the bus . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Jim Thorpe was an Olympic medallist , a Hall of Fame football player and a baseball player Bob Greene says the life of the "  world 's greatest athlete " was difficult He says towns vied to host his grave and the winner changed the name of the town to honor Thorpe Now Thorpe 's son is seeking to return his remains to Oklahoma
Months after accepting asylum in Russia , fugitive U.S. intelligence leaker Edward Snowden on Thursday asked Russian President Vladimir Putin about Moscow 's own surveillance practices . "  Does Russia intercept , store or analyze in any way the communications of millions of individuals ? " Snowden asked in English via a video link during Putin 's annual question-and-answer program , which was broadcast on state television . "  And do you believe that simply increasing the effectiveness of intelligence or law enforcement investigations can justify placing societies , rather than their subjects , under surveillance ? " Putin responded that Russia has a special service that bugs telephone conversations and Internet communications to fight crimes , including terrorism , but only with court permission and only "  for specific citizens . " "  So , the mass character is something we do not have and can not have , " Putin said in Russian . "  On such a mass scale ... we do not allow ourselves to do this , and we will never allow this . We do not have the money or the means to do that , " he said . Putin , a former intelligence agent , noted that his questioner , a former National Security Agency contractor , shares that background . "  So , we can speak in professional language , " he said . Snowden last year disclosed details of the vast U.S. surveillance network put in place after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , including the government 's record keeping on billions of phone calls . Anticipating legal consequences , he fled to Moscow . U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property . Last month , Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn , the head of the Defense Intelligence Agency , told National Public Radio that U.S. officials must plan for the possibility that Russia has access to American battle plans and other secrets . "  If I 'm concerned about anything , I 'm concerned about defense capabilities that he may have stolen from where he worked , and does that knowledge then get into the hands of our adversaries -- in this case , of course , Russia , " Flynn said . He cited intelligence capabilities , operational capabilities , technology and weapons systems as potential subjects that Snowden -- and now Russia -- may have . "  We have to assume the worst case and then begin to make some recommendations to our leadership about how do we mitigate some of the risks that may come from what may have been compromised , " Flynn said . Last October , Lon Snowden visited Moscow , where he told reporters that his 30-year-old son told him he had had no contact with Russian security or intelligence . In January , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told the Senate Intelligence Committee that the Snowden leaks caused serious damage to U.S. security . "  What Snowden has stolen and exposed has gone way , way beyond his professed concerns with so-called domestic surveillance programs , " Clapper said then . "  As a result , we 've lost critical foreign intelligence collection sources , including some shared with us by valued partners . " The nation 's adversaries were "  going to school on U.S. intelligence sources ' methods and trade craft , and the insights that they are gaining are making our job much , much harder , " he told the committee .	Russian President Vladimir Putin says his country 's surveillance is n't as broad as that in the U.S. "  We do not have the money or the means to do that , " he tells the fugitive intelligence leaker Putin says he and the former NSA contractor "  can speak in a professional language "
CNN  -- The United States is experiencing its biggest spike in West Nile virus since 2004 , with 241 cases of the disease reported nationwide this year so far , including four deaths , health officials said . Of the 42 states that have reported infections in people , birds or mosquitoes , 80 % of them have been in Texas , Mississippi and Oklahoma , the CDC said in a statement . The national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention also listed a breakdown of infections by state . "  It is not clear why we are seeing more activity than in recent years , " said Marc Fischer , a medical epidemiologist at the CDC . "  Regardless of the reasons for the increase , people should be aware of the West Nile virus activity in their area and take action to protect themselves and their family . " The virus is transmitted through infected mosquitoes . In the United States , most infections occur between June and September , and peak in August , according to the CDC . Symptoms include fever , headache , body aches , joint pains , vomiting , diarrhea , or rash , the CDC said in a statement this week . "  Less than 1 % develop a serious neurologic illness such as encephalitis or meningitis  inflammation of the brain or surrounding tissues  , " it said . People over age 50 and those with conditions such as cancer , diabetes and kidney disease or with organ transplants are at greater risk . There are no medications to treat West Nile virus or vaccines to prevent infection . People with milder illnesses typically recover on their own but those more seriously affected may need hospital care . Health experts say prevention measures include avoiding mosquito bites , using insect repellent and getting rid of insect breeding sites . Symptoms of West Nile virus	At least 80 % of the infections are in Texas , Mississippi and Oklahoma "  It is not clear why we are seeing more activity than in recent years , " expert says The virus is transmitted through infected mosquitoes
CNN  -- At least 36 people were killed in a stampede at a stadium in Mali after a speech by a prominent imam , the British Embassy in the country said Tuesday . The stampede at the Modibo Keita stadium took place Monday afternoon as the crowd was leaving the facility , said Mohamed Ba , a consular at the embassy . Another 64 people were wounded , he said . The crowd had come to hear Imam Osman Madani Haidara speak . "  The stadium seats 25,000 and it was absolutely full , as it is every time Imam Osman Madani Haidara gives a sermon , " Ba said .	NEW : The 25,000-seat stadium was packed , Ba says The crowd had come to hear a prominent imam speak 64 others are hurt , an official says
CNN  -- At least two confirmed tornadoes descended upon towns in western Massachusetts on Wednesday , leaving at least four dead and smashing homes and buildings across a 40-mile stretch , state officials and witnesses reported . One person was killed in Springfield , two in nearby Westfield and one in Brimfield , about 20 miles east , Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick told reporters Wednesday night . The storms struck shortly after 4 p.m. in Springfield , about 90 miles west of Boston . Dylan McDonald told CNN he watched the tornado knock down trees and scatter debris across town as he was driving with a co-worker . "  As the light turned green , a tree fell and everything took off , " McDonald said . "  We saw a roof fly off an apartment building . The car was tilting , but did n't turn over . " As many as 19 communities reported tornado damage Wednesday evening , Patrick said . The governor declared a state of emergency as the storm system that spawned those twisters moved east , with watches posted all the way to the Atlantic coast until late Wednesday . "  It 's been particularly devastating in downtown Springfield , " Patrick said . And he said a local official told him , "  You have to see Monson to believe it . " Monson resident Dolly Opper said state police were setting up roadblocks around the town , and a neighbor described the town 's center as "  war zone . " "  I have n't been home , " she said . "  The steeple 's off the church across the street . It 's lying right in the front yard . " At J.T. 's Sports Pub , on Springfield 's Main Street , owner Keith Makarowski said he and the 10 or so patrons intially went outside to watch the darkening skies -- then retreated as the storm blew into downtown . "  There was a ton of debris flying around , lots of roof shingles and random siding , " Makarowski said . Several century-old buildings were damaged -- "  roofs torn off , facades ravaged , trees uprooted " -- and a woman across the street was blown up against a building after being caught outside . "  Luckily , two people from inside the building were able to pull her in , and she seemed like she was OK , " Makarowski said . Massachusetts State Police Sgt. Michael Popovics said Springfield , Monson , Westfield and seven other towns -- Agawam , Charlton , Oxford , Palmer , Sturbridge , West Springfield and Wilbraham -- reported severe damage . Sandra Ahearn , a spokeswoman for the Western Massachusetts Electric Co. , said 12,000 customers were without power in the utility 's service area and that hard-hit areas might not have electricity until the end of the week . Patrick said he has mobilized 1,000 National Guard troops to assist with cleanup and search-and-rescue operations . The Massachusetts State Police said it had activated dog teams to look for people in damaged buildings and described many streets in Springfield as "  impassable " due to fallen power lines and trees . The damage came amid a wave of heavy thunderstorms that moved through the Northeast on Wednesday afternoon . Tornado watches were also issued for northern Connecticut , Rhode Island , New Hampshire and Maine until 11 p.m. Wednesday . Though not as tornado-prone as much of the Midwest or South , Massachusetts has averaged two to three twisters per year since 1950 , according to figures from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . In 1953 , a massive tornado that struck Worcester and nearby towns killed 90 people , according to NOAA ; the last tornado to hit the state was in 2008 . CNN 's Jennifer Westhoven , Anna Gonzalez , Matt Smith , Leigh Remizowski , Julia Talanova and Sean Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : "  There was a ton of debris flying around , " a witness says Deaths have been reported in Springfield , Westfield and Brimfield , Massachusetts "  Particularly devastating " tornado damage reported in Springfield Gov. Deval Patrick has mobilized National Guard troops to aid cleanup
CNN  -- New Hampshire 's Senate has approved a bill allowing same-sex couples to marry , but critics and supporters of the legislation say their work is n't over . New Hampshire could become the fifth state to allow same-sex marriage if a bill becomes law . "  We were obviously disappointed , " Kevin Smith , executive director of the conservative Cornerstone Policy Research Action group , said Thursday . "  We do n't think the voters are going to forget about it . " On the other side , members of the New Hampshire Freedom to Marry Coalition , a group that has worked since 2001 for same-sex marriage , were "  absolutely thrilled , " said Mo Baxley , its executive director . But noting that the bill is returning to the House of Representatives for consideration of changes made by the Senate , Baxley added , "  I think the work continues . " Her organization will encourage supporters to contact their representatives ahead of the House vote , she said . On Wednesday , the Senate voted 13-11 in favor of the bill , which differs from the House-approved version in that it distinguishes between civil and religious marriage . It allows each religion to decide whether to acknowledge same-sex marriage but extends the option of civil marriage to any two individuals , said state Senate spokeswoman Anne Saunders . The House , which passed the earlier version last month by a margin of seven votes , 186-179 , must approve the changed version before it can be sent to Gov. John Lynch , a Democrat who has questioned the need for the bill . After the Senate vote , Lynch released a statement saying he believes that "  the fundamental issue is about providing the same rights and protections to same-sex couples as are available to heterosexual couples . This was accomplished through the passage of the civil unions law two years ago . " Lynch signed the state 's civil unions law in May 2007 . "  To achieve further real progress , " he added , "  the federal government would need to take action to recognize New Hampshire civil unions . " Earlier this month , the governor said he believes the word "  marriage " should be used only to describe a marriage between a man and a woman , the New Hampshire Union Leader in Manchester reported . "  I think the word ` marriage ' is reserved for a marriage between a man and a woman , and I think the real issues really are rights and protections for gay and lesbian couples , " he told reporters on April 15 , according to the newspaper . Smith said his organization , which was established in 2000 , would "  lobby hard " to get the governor to veto the bill . He said he expected it to pass the House . "  Look , this is a matter of holding the governor accountable , " he said . "  He 's been very public with his views on same-sex marriage in the state . ... We 'll see if he was misleading the voters of New Hampshire or if he 'll stand by his word and actually veto it . " Were the bill to become law , New Hampshire would become the fifth state allowing same-sex marriage , joining Connecticut , Vermont , Massachusetts and Iowa . Only Vermont has established the practice legislatively . CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .	Same-sex marriage bill returns to New Hampshire House after Senate approval Critic of the bill : "  We do n't think the voters are going to forget about it " If bill passes the House , it will be sent to the governor for approval or veto Gov. John Lynch , a Democrat , has questioned the need for the bill
EW.com  -- Now Shailene Woodley can pursue that film career fulltime : ABC Family has decided not to renew the five-year-old "  The Secret Life of the American Teenager " for another season . The drama from Brenda Hampton  "  7th Heaven "  will air the first of its final 12 episodes beginning in March , according to Deadline . "  Teenager " not only served as a springboard for the Golden Globe-nominated Woodley â $ " who starred in "  The Descendants " opposite George Clooney â $ " but served as a beacon of light for the Down Syndrome community because it cast Luke Zimmerman as Tom , the high-functioning son of Kathleen  Josie Bissett  . ` Community ' : What we 'll see  soon ? The drama that addressed teen pregnancy first bowed in 2008 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	ABC Family has decided not to renew "  The Secret Life of the American Teenager " The drama will air the first of its final 12 episodes beginning in March "  Teenager " served as a springboard for Golden Globe-nominated Woodley
Beijing  CNN  -- Getting divorced is never an easy thing , but a city district in northwestern China wants to make it just a bit harder . Since March 2012 , the civil affairs bureau in Chang ` an District of Xi'an City -- an urban area with more than 1 million residents -- has limited the number of divorce filings to no more than 15 a day . Couples eager to part ways but arriving too late are told to return together the next day . This little-known local rule became a hot topic nationwide last week after a divorcing couple failed to obtain a slot and complained to state media . Amid a barrage of criticisms of a wrongheaded government agency interfering with civil liberties , officials defended their "  well-intentioned " system . "  It 's aimed at saving families from impulsive divorces , " Lin Wenhui , head of marriage registration at the Chang ` an civil affairs bureau , told state media . "  Some couples , even after getting a slot , eventually decided not to file for divorce after having some time to calm down and think it through . " Chang ` an is n't the only local government facing accusations of being overzealous in its effort to save marriages . In February , civil affairs officials in Xuzhou -- a city of 9 million people in eastern China -- stirred heated debate for deciding not to accept any divorce filings on Valentine 's Day . Still , government statistics show divorce rates in China have soared in recent years . Last year , Xi'an -- where Chang ` an District is located -- saw 17,670 couples go their separate ways amicably , while the number of divorces nationwide shot up to 3.5 million . Both figures represented an increase of more than 10 % over 2012 . Experts seem divided on the root causes . Some have pointed to a government report that says a quarter of married Chinese women have suffered various forms of domestic violence . Others have even referred to numerous news articles on couples "  fake-divorcing " to skirt restrictions on the number of houses a family can legally buy in major cities . Since its 15-slots-per-day rule went into effect , Chang ` an has bucked the trend and witnessed a decline in the number of divorce filings two years in a row . While admitting the measure 's limited impact in wider society , officials remain unapologetic for trying to preserve the sanctity of marriage . "  Every family we save counts for something , " Lin , the marriage registration chief in Chang ` an , was quoted by state media as saying . "  As the saying goes , one would rather tear down ten temples than destroying one marriage . "	A city district in northwestern China has been limiting divorce filings to 15 a day Officials say the unconventional limit is aimed at stopping "  impulsive divorces " Their actions have become a hot topic nationwide after a couple complained Government figures show divorce rates have soared in China in recent years
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- When Ken Umeano went to watch the summer sci-fi blockbuster "  District 9 , " he stormed out after 30 minutes . "  District 9 " was directed by South African filmmaker Neill Blomkamp , who also co-wrote it . "  I was so angry , " said Umeano , a Nigeria native living in Atlanta . "  They were showing Nigerians as corrupt , eating aliens , saying they have sex with aliens . I could not watch that . " The movie set in South Africa is a story about an alien space ship that breaks down over Johannesburg -- leaving the stranded creatures in a fierce battle with humans . In the film , Nigerians jump at an opportunity to exploit the aliens , who are being kicked out by their South African hosts . A Nigerian gangster provides the aliens with a range of paid services including prostitutes , food and weapons . The depiction has sparked an outcry , including a Facebook group condemning its portrayal of Nigerians . Officials in the West African country have banned it and are demanding an apology from Sony Pictures , the film 's principle distributor through Tri-Star Pictures . "  Why do they want to denigrate Nigerians as criminals , cannibals and prostitutes who sleep with extra-terrestrial animals ? " said Dora Akunyili , information minister . "  We 've had enough with the stereotypes they have branded us with ... we are not going to sit back and allow people to stigmatize us . " The movie will not be shown in Nigeria unless Sony apologizes and edits out any references to the country , she said . Sony pointed out that Nigerian authorities cleared the film for release , and it screened in that country for two weeks . " ` District 9 ' is a work of science fiction , and no offense was intended toward any country or person , " the company said . Watch how the film reflects South Africa 's former apartheid " The film was directed by South African filmmaker Neill Blomkamp , who also co-wrote it , and it was adapted from Blomkamp 's 2005 short , "  Alive in Joburg . " "  Lord of the Rings " producer-director Peter Jackson produced "  District 9 . " Sony 's involvement was limited to distribution . Malawian actor , Eugene Khumbanyiwa , 33 , who plays the top Nigerian gangster , defended his role in the movie . "  I was just doing my job as an actor , " Khumbanyiwa said . "  My job was to play a character as an underworld gangster and I did ... I 'm just going to run away from this whole controversy . " Khumbanyiwa said the outcry was a surprise because his Nigerian co-stars did not have an issue with it . The scenes depicting Nigerians make up less than 10 minutes of the 113-minute film . In some places , Nigerians are shown trying to eat alien flesh to cure illnesses and acquire superhuman powers . Khumbanyiwa 's character is named Obesandjo -- which Akunyili said is an attack on former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo . Some Nigerians said the movie feeds off stereotypes associated with the country . "  Everyone has this image of Nigeria , " Umeano said . "  A lot of people have given Nigeria a bad name , but that does not mean the whole country is bad . " While Clement Nyirenda believes the director should have used a fictional country , he said the outcry is much ado about nothing . After all , he said , the Nigerian movie industry , Nollywood , is filled with the same characterizations . "  The  Nollywood  movies show Nigerians as witch doctors , corrupt , a lot worse , " Nyirenda said . "  Nigeria is mostly known for 419 scams ... the government officials should focus on cleaning the image . " The term "  419 scams " refers to spam e-mails that ask for money and bank information . Akunyili said the country is trying to "  rebrand itself away from such images . " The Nollywood industry is undergoing a makeover , too , she added . "  District 9 " made $ 73 million in its first 10 days . Blomkamp , who grew up in Johannesburg , told CNN last month that he did n't want the sci-fi tale about aliens and apartheid to be defined by politics . "  I did n't want to go , ` Here 's a whole bunch of people oppressed by this apartheid-esque society ' and beat people over the head with it , " Blomkamp said . "  I rather wanted to say this is the city I grew up in , this is what it felt like . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Film is about an alien space ship that breaks down over Johannesburg , South Africa Nigerians try to eat alien flesh , gangster gives them prostitutes , food and weapons Depictions "  promoting stereotypes " sparked outcry ; Nigeria has banned the film Nigerian officials stipulate distributor must apologize , edit out references to country
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama decisively defeated Sen. Hillary Clinton in North Carolina Tuesday , but Clinton 's narrow victory in Indiana will likely send the race for the Democratic presidential nomination on to the next round of primaries . Sen. Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , greet supporters in Raleigh , North Carolina . As polls closed in Indiana , Clinton had a double-digit lead over Obama , but by the end of the evening , Clinton 's lead had shrunk , dragging the race out until early Wednesday . A clear winner did not emerge until 1:15 a.m. Wednesday -- seven hours after the polls closed -- because results were slow to come in from Lake County , a Chicago suburb in northwestern Indiana with several precincts that went strongly for Obama . By Wednesday morning , all absentee ballots had been counted in Lake County and the final results showed Obama had taken the county by 12 percentage points . There were 115 delegates at stake in North Carolina and 72 in Indiana . Because Democratic delegates are awarded proportionally , Obama added four delegates to his lead , according to CNN estimates . Obama earlier claimed a decisive victory in North Carolina . With 99 percent of precincts reporting , Obama held a 14-point lead over Clinton . Watch analysis of NC , IN primaries " "  Some were saying that North Carolina would be a game-changer in this election . But today , what North Carolina decided is that the only game that needs changing is the one in Washington , " Obama told supporters in Raleigh , North Carolina . Watch Obama thank his supporters " Obama took an overwhelming 91 percent of the black vote in North Carolina , according to exit polls , while Clinton claimed only 6 percent . Clinton took 59 percent of the white vote compared to 36 percent for Obama , according to the polls . Clinton told her supporters in Indianapolis , "  it 's full-speed on to the White House . " Watch Clinton greet her supporters " Clinton made a strong pitch to blue-collar workers in Indiana . She pulled a majority of the votes in rural and suburban Indiana during Tuesday 's primary . In CNN exit polling , Clinton took 53 percent of the vote in suburban areas , compared with 47 percent for Obama of Illinois . She took 68 percent of the rural vote compared with Obama 's 32 percent . In all , 1,738 voters were polled . Clinton had pitched herself as the candidate best-suited to turn around a flailing economy and consciously courted working-class voters in the state -- even driving a pickup truck up to a gas pump once to help promote her proposed temporary rollback of federal tax on gasoline . "  I believe that Americans need a champion in their corners , " she said at a rally in Indianapolis . "  For too long we 've had a president who has stood up and spoken out for the wealthy and the well-connected , but I do n't think that 's what Americans need . "  Standing up for working people is about the American dream and about the Democratic Party ; standing up for the middle class is who we are and what we can be if we stick together . " Eighty-nine percent of Indiana voters said they have been affected by what they called a recession . Clinton had a slight edge when voters were asked who is most likely to improve the economy -- taking 49 percent to Obama 's 47 percent . The candidates now turn their attention to the upcoming contests in West Virginia , Kentucky and Oregon . According to early exit polls , half of Clinton 's supporters in Indiana would not vote for Obama in a general election matchup with Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee . Watch what the exit polls show " A third of Clinton voters said they would pick McCain over Obama , while 17 percent said they would not vote at all . Forty-eight percent of Clinton supporters said they would back Obama in November . Obama got even less support from Clinton backers in North Carolina , where 45 percent of Clinton supporters said they would vote for him over McCain . Thirty-eight percent of Clinton supporters said they would vote for McCain while 12 percent said they would not vote . Obama voters appear to be more willing to support Clinton in November . In Indiana , 59 percent of Obama backers said they 'd vote for Clinton , and 70 percent of Obama backers in North Carolina said vote for her against McCain . Obama on Tuesday said he did n't agree with those who said his party would not be able to unite . "  Tonight , many of the pundits have suggested that this party is inalterably divided -- that Sen. Clinton 's supporters will not support me , and that my supporters will not support her , " he said . "  I 'm here tonight to tell you that I do n't believe it . Yes , there have been bruised feelings on both sides . Yes , each side desperately wants their candidate to win . But ultimately , this race is not about Hillary Clinton or Barack Obama or John McCain . "  This election is about you -- the American people -- and whether we will have a president and a party that can lead us toward a brighter future . " Obama currently leads in pledged delegates and in states won , and he is ahead in the popular vote , if Florida and Michigan are not factored into the equation . Those states are being penalized for moving their primaries up in violation of party rules . With neither candidate expected to win the 2,025 delegates needed to clinch the Democratic nomination by June 3 , the end of the primary season , the final decision will most likely fall to the 796 superdelegates : Democratic governors , members of Congress and party officials . Watch how superdelegates could come into play " Both candidates have spent the past two weeks shuttling between Indiana and North Carolina , each arguing to crucial working-class voters that their rival is out of touch when it comes to the pocketbook issues that are dominating the campaign . CNN 's Susan Candiotti , Dan Lothian and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	NEW : Final votes counted in Indiana 's Lake County ; Obama dominates Clinton wins squeaker in Indiana ; Obama cruises in North Carolina Obama says he does not believe his party is "  inalterably divided " 187 delegates were at stake in Tuesday 's primaries
CNN  -- Bayern Munich beat Chelsea on 5-4 penalties to win a pulsating UEFA Super Cup showdown in Prague Friday after equalizing with the last kick of extra time . Down to 10 men but leading 2-1 , Chelsea looked set to hand Jose Mourinho the first silverware of his second reign until Javi Martinez found the net for the European champions to force the penalty shootout . Both sides had a perfect record from the spot kicks until 20-year-old Romelu Lukaku stepped up to deliver a tame effort which was comfortably saved by Manuel Neuer . So instead it was Pep Guardiola , a bitter rival of Mourinho when the pair managed Barcelona and Real Madrid in La Liga , who landed his first trophy since taking over at Bayern in the summer . For Chelsea , it was a second successive defeat in the UEFA Super Cup , having been beaten 4-1 by a Radamel Falcao inspired Atletico Madrid in Monaco last year . But they will take heart from their performance in a match in which they twice led only for Bayern to show their typical resilience by pulling them back . Fernando Torres put Chelsea ahead with a crisp finish from an Andre Schurrle cross in the eighth minute . It was a lead which lasted until the second minute of the second half when Franck Ribery leveled with a 20 meter effort which beat Petr Cech at his near post . Bayern were on top , but Chelsea fashioned the best chances as Branislav Ivanovic rattled the crossbar with a header and Neuer was forced to save from a David Luiz header . Chelsea midfielder Ramires departed for a rash challenge on Mario Gotze which earned a second yellow card and the omens did not look good for the English Premier League side heading into extra time . But those fears were dispelled when Eden Hazard lit up the Eden Arena with a fine solo goal , Neuer at fault as the eventual low shot eluded him . Cech made amends for his error on Ribery 's earlier goal with a pair of stunning saves from Mario Mandzukic and Ribery . But he could not keep out Martinez 's late effort which so cruelly denied Chelsea . A defiant Mourinho said his team deserved better . "  The best team clearly lost the match , we played with ten men for a long period against the European champions and we have only reason to be proud , " he told ITV Sport .	Bayern Munich win UEFA Super Cup on penalties Romelu Lukaku 's penalty saved by Manuel Neuer Bayern equalized for second time with final kick of extra time Chelsea down to 10 men after 86 minutes when Ramires red carded
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Academy Award-winning actress Tatum O'Neal was released after an arraignment at a Manhattan courtroom Monday after her weekend arrest for buying crack cocaine . No bail was set , and none was requested by the prosecutor . The 44-year-old actress , who penned a 2004 memoir about her long road to sobriety , was arrested around 7:30 p.m. Sunday on the Lower East Side of Manhattan after she was seen making a purchase from a drug dealer , police said . Investigators charged her with criminal possession of a controlled substance , a misdemeanor that carries a maximum one-year sentence . The Monday afternoon arraignment took about 15 minutes , during which the actress was read her charge . O'Neal did not enter a plea , which is not necessary at an arraignment . Her next court date is scheduled for July 28 . At 10 , O'Neal won an Oscar for best supporting actress in the movie "  Paper Moon . " She is the daughter of actor Ryan O'Neal , who starred in the 1973 film , and the ex-wife of tennis star John McEnroe , with whom she has three children . CNN 's Cheryl Robinson and Rupa Mikkilineni contributed to this report .	NEW : Tatum O'Neal arraigned Monday , released O'Neal arrested Sunday after she was seen making a purchase from drug dealer Investigators charged her with criminal possession of a controlled substance
PARIS , France  CNN  -- Truly appreciating the beauty of Paris is a pleasure that ca n't be hurried . Stop , breathe , appreciate and perhaps kiss in the romantic city of Paris . Take time to wander down its wide boulevards , savour every sip of strong , black coffee and resist the temptation to fall into step with the throng of tourists and sightseers . Our advice to anyone who finds themselves with 24 hours to spare in the French capital is to stop , breathe , appreciate and indulge . Start the day with a walk down the Champs-Élysées . For some , it retains the title of the world 's most beautiful avenue . For others , the road 's historical charm has been blighted by the arrival of global brands , traffic and tourists . Sunrise offers the history without the hurry . Take a leisurely stroll down its expansive pavements and look up for impressive architecture without fear of bumping into shoppers . Treat yourself to breakfast at one of Paris ' oldest tea salons . Ladurée was founded as a family business in 1862 and now appears in luxurious locales in London , Monaco , Switzerland and Japan . The original , Ladurée Royale on Rue Royale , does n't open until 8:30 am  and later on Sundays  , so for early morning pastries drop into the Champs-Elysees store which opens at 7:30 am every day . The queues at Paris ' most famous art gallery , the Louvre , are notorious so impatient visitors are advised to go to the Musée de l'Orangerie , set in the historic Jardin des Tuileries . You wo n't see the Mona Lisa , but the gallery does boast a collection of Claude Monet 's Water Lilies . The queues are shorter the earlier you go and to really beat the crowds pre-book your time slot online . Head north to have your own images sketched by street artists in Montmartre , a former stomping ground for famous names including Salvador Dali , Claude Monet , Pablo Picasso and Vincent van Gogh . Drop into the Basilique du Sacré Coeur to pray , light a candle or simply enjoy the spectacular views over Paris . From there , visit Rue Lepic where you will find Café des Deux Moulins , where actress Audrey Tautou waited tables in the 2001 film "  Amélie . " Note that when you ask for a coffee in France , you 'll automatically receive a black espresso . If you 'd like something bigger and milkier , ask for a café au lait  already popular elsewhere  or café Americain  filter coffee  with milk  lait  . Further down Rue Lepic you 'll find Au Virage Lepic , a quaint bistro dripping in traditional Parisian atmosphere . It 's usually crowded with locals so book in advance . Getting around is easy in Paris . Take a bus or the Metro or join the legion of cyclists on hugely popular Vélib rental bikes . Pick up your own bike at one of the service points scattered around the city . You 'll need a credit card to register for a one-day subscription , or to speed up the process pre-book a one-day ticket online . It 'll cost you one euro and the first 30 minutes of every journey for the next 24 hours is free . After than , any additional time will be charged to your credit card until you return the bike to any stand in the city . In the afternoon , walk -- or cycle -- down Boulevard Saint-Germain on the historic Left Bank . Discover your inner intellectual over a coffee or dinner at Les Deux Magots , a former meeting place for Paris ' great literary minds including Simone de Beauvoir and Jean-Paul Sartre . From Boulevard Saint-Germain , walk down Rue Saint-Sulpice , past Saint-Sulpice , a striking church founded in the 1646 and brought to a new audience as one of the buildings featured in Dan Brown 's best-selling novel  and subsequent film  "  The Da Vinci Code . " Wander further on to Rue de Sèvres where you can batter your credit card with some upmarket shopping at Le Bon Marché and La Grand Epicerie . In the evening , soak up some Parisian chic at the De La Ville Café on Boulevard Bonne Nouvelle , or indulge in the opulence of Hotel Costes on Rue Saint-Honore . Both serve food and close at 2am . Treat yourself to a glass of champagne and start planning your next sojourn in Paris !	It 's difficult to truly appreciate Paris with one eye on your watch , so slow down ! Wander through its historic areas , still popular with artists and intellectuals Treat yourself to breakfast at Ladurée , end the day with champagne
CNN  -- One American defense contract worker was killed and another was lightly injured in a shooting at a gas station in Saudi Arabia 's capital on Tuesday , a U.S. State Department official said . The two were at a gas station in Riyadh when a gunman opened fire on their car , the country 's official news agency reported , citing police in the city . The Saudi Embassy in the United States identified the suspected gunman as Abdulaziz Fahad Abdulaziz Alrashid , 24 , a dual Saudi-American citizen who had worked at the same U.S. defense contractor as the victims . He was recently dismissed from the job "  due to drug related issues , " the Embassy said . Alrashid was reportedly taken into custody following a shootout with security forces , which left him injured . Neither the Americans ' names nor information about a possible motive was immediately released . The injured American was taken to a hospital , the Saudi Press Agency reported . The Americans worked for Vinnell Arabia , a U.S. defense contractor supporting the Saudi Arabia National Guard , and were about a half-mile from a Vinnell base when the shooting happened , the State Department official said . Vinnell Arabia , partly owned by U.S.-based Northup Grumman Corp. , has helped to train Saudi national guard troops since 1975 . It says it has more than 1,250 employees , some of whom are former U.S. troops . More than half of the employees are Saudis , the company says on its website . CNN 's Schams Elwazer contributed to this report .	NEW : Suspected gunman had worked at the same company as the victims NEW : He was recently dismissed "  due to drug related issues , " embassy says The shooting happened in Saudi Arabia 's capital , Riyadh No information on a motive has been immediately released
CNN  -- "  A calculated , cold-blooded predator . " That was how Connecticut Judge James Bentivegna described a then 22-year-old Joshua Komisarjevsky on December 20 , 2002 , when the defendant was sentenced after being convicted on 12 counts of burglary . Today , Komisarjevsky -- now 31 -- sits in a Connecticut courtroom , where a jury will weigh his guilt on murder charges , and potentially pave the way for a death sentence . Prosecutors say that on July 23 , 2007 , Komisarjevsky and an accomplice , Steven Hayes , invaded the home of Dr. William Petit , raped and strangled his wife , Jennifer Hawke-Petit , molested one of their daughters , and set the house on fire before attempting to flee . Hawke-Petit and her daughters -- 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit -- died in the invasion of their Cheshire , Connecticut , home . Dr. William Petit , although severely beaten , managed to escape and crawl to a neighbor 's residence . Hayes was sentenced to death in December , after being convicted of 16 out of the 17 charges related to the three deaths . Both suspects had lengthy criminal records when they were arrested for the Petit invasion . Komisarjevsky 's long rap sheet , in particular , suggest that he was a troubled young man with a penchant for nighttime burglary and crystal meth . Officials with the Connecticut Board of Pardons and Paroles declined to speak with CNN , citing a gag order in the case . But over 200 pages of Komisarjevsky 's parole records have been released , which -- along with previous court testimony -- help paint a picture of the accused . One of his former attorneys , William Gerace , said that Komisarjevsky came from a close , religious family . But at the age of 14 , he began using drugs -- the same year , he claims , that he found out that he was adopted . By 18 , Komisarjevsky had found his drugs of choice : crystal meth and cocaine . He told the parole board that he stole money and electronics from upscale homes to feed his drug habit . Yet a transcript from his 2002 sentencing paints Komisarjevsky as more than just the average thief . According to a police statement read aloud in court that day , Komisarjevsky admitted that he broke into his first house when he was 14 years old . "  I always wore gloves , with the exception of one incident when I was 14 . I always acted alone . Approximately a year and a half ago , I acquired night vision goggles ... I used the night-vision equipment during the burglaries  over  the past year , " he said , according to the transcript . Gerace , who was Komisarjevsky 's defense attorney at the time , stressed that a need for money , to pay for drugs , drove his client . But he admitted that the way he went about it was unusual . "  Ninety-nine percent of burglaries are  committed by  junkies -- there 's nothing romantic about what they do , " said Gerace . "  That was the first time I 'd seen something as exotic as that . " Komisarjevsky confessed that he only broke into homes at night and never during the day -- a point stressed by prosecutors in the 2002 trial . They said his affinity for breaking into people 's homes at night showed that he wanted a confrontation , since that was the time when the residents were the most likely to be at home . Speaking during his December 2002 sentencing , Komisarjevsky appeared repentant . He addressed the court saying , "  I 've turned my back on my faith in God and my family . And in doing so , I fell flat on my face and deep into hard drugs ... the crimes I committed was weighing so heavily on my shoulders . " But the judge was not moved by Komisarjevsky 's show of remorse , sentencing him to nine years in prison plus six years of special parole , which has greater restrictions than typical probation . In April 2007 , he was paroled . And three months later , Komisarjevsky was arrested for the Petit home invasion and murders . What happened then , and what may have driven Komisarjevsky , remains a mystery to Gerace , his former attorney . "  He was a very complex young man . I do n't think I 've met anyone quite that complex , and I sensed there was an abundance of issues that had to be dealt with , " Gerace said . "  I wish him well , and I hope the jury makes the right decision . "	Joshua Komisarjevsky was convicted in 2002 on 12 counts of burglary Five years later , after being released on parole , he was accused of murder Prosecutors say he killed a Connecticut woman and set a fire that killed her daughters
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Terrorists are likely to use a weapon of mass destruction somewhere in the world in the next five years , a blue-ribbon panel assembled by Congress has concluded . Police watch over travelers at New York 's Grand Central Terminal before Thanksgiving . They are more likely to use a biological weapon than a nuclear one -- and the results could be devastating , the chairman of the commission told CNN . "  The consequences of a biological attack are almost beyond comprehension . It would be 9/11 times 10 or a hundred in terms of the number of people who would be killed , " former Sen. Bob Graham said . He cited the flu virus that killed millions of people in 1918 as an example . "  Today it is still in the laboratory , but if it should get out and into the hands of scientists who knew how to use it for a violent purpose , we could have multiple times the 40 million people who were killed 100 years ago , " he said . Watch how officials worry about a biological terror attack " The U.S. government "  needs to move more aggressively to limit " the spread of biological weapons , the commission said in its report . Graham warned that such measures would be costly , but were necessary . "  The leadership of this country and the world will have to decide how much of a priority ... they place on avoiding the worst weapons in the world getting in the hands of the worst people in the world , " he said . "  It is not going to be cheap . It is not going to be accomplished without some sacrifices . It wo n't be accomplished without putting this issue ahead of some other competing national and international goals . But I think our safety and security depend upon doing so , " he added . Graham said a biological attack was more likely than a nuclear one because it would be easier to carry out . Biological weapons "  are more available , " he said . "  Anthrax is a natural product of dead animals . Other serious pathogens are available in equally accessible forms . " "  There are so many scientists who have the skills to convert a pathogen from benign , helpful purposes into an illicit , very harmful weapon , " he added . But the commission warned that there is also a threat of nuclear terrorism , both because more countries are developing nuclear weapons and because some existing nuclear powers are expanding their arsenals . "  Terrorist organizations are intent on acquiring nuclear weapons , " said the report , which was published Tuesday on the Internet and will be officially released Wednesday . CNN obtained a copy of the report Monday evening . It cited testimony before the commission from former Sen. Sam Nunn , who said that the "  risk of a nuclear weapon being used today is growing , not receding . " The report recommends a range of measures , including increased security and awareness at biological research labs and strengthening international treaties against the spread of biological and nuclear weapons . "  Many biological pathogens and nuclear materials around the world are poorly secured -- and thus vulnerable to theft by those who would put these materials to harmful use , or would sell them on the black market to potential terrorists , " the report warned . The commission expressed particular concern about the nuclear programs of Iran and North Korea , and about Pakistan , which it described as "  the intersection of nuclear weapons and terrorism . " While observing that Pakistan is a U.S. ally , the report said , "  the next terrorist attack against the United States is likely to originate from within the Federally Administered Tribal Areas " in Pakistan . The tribal areas lie in northwest Pakistan where the government exerts little control ; the United States says it is a haven for militants from both Pakistan and neighboring Afghanistan . Congress created the commission to investigate and report on WMD and terrorism in line with a recommendation from the 9/11 Commission , which compiled a report on the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks on the United States . Commissioners heard testimony from more than 250 experts from around the world over the course of their six-month investigation . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	NEW : Next terror attack on U.S. likely to originate in Pakistan tribal areas , report says Terrorists with biological weapons could kill millions , panel 's chairman says Biological attack more likely than nuclear attack , report says Number of nations with nuclear weapons also growing , panel says
Coastal Living  -- Whether scaling a mountain or rounding a bend , nothing beats the sight of water from a hiking trail . Shore to shore , here are great spots for hitting the trail and seeing the coast . Hikers will find snow-white beaches , coastal marshes and maritime forests along Mississippi 's Gulf Islands National Seashore . Maine : Camden Hills State Park Hiking is a way of life on the Maine coast -- especially in the Camden Hills , a range of low mountains surrounding Camden , Rockport and Lincolnville , where vistas of the Atlantic Ocean are just a short stroll away . Take the park 's Megunticook Trail to Ocean Lookout for a magnificent view of Penobscot Bay and Mount Battie . Call 207/236 -3109 during park season or 207/236 -0849 off-season , or visit maine.gov / doc/parks/programs / db_search . British Columbia : Lighthouse Park Across English Bay from Vancouver , Lighthouse Park offers a coastal wilderness experience in sight of the big city . The West Vancouver Trail leads straight to the shore and down to a rock bluff . Here you can see the 60-foot-tall Point Atkinson Lighthouse . The 5-kilometer route includes several challenging changes in elevation , but at a leisurely pace , you should be able to hike it in a couple of hours . For information , visit westvancouver.net/article.asp?a=2011&c=766 . California : Redwood National Park South of the Oregon border , hikers will discover a flamboyantly scenic trail in Redwood National Park . The Yurok Loop to Hidden Beach explores the lagoon area of the 40-mile Coastal Trail pathway . Cypress , alder , and dense coastal scrub shroud hikers on their way to views of the shoreline . The beautiful cove of Hidden Beach serves as a turnaround . For information , call 707/465 -7306 or visit nps.gov / redw / . Michigan : Hiawatha National Forest This easy trail in the Hiawatha National Forest near Mackinac Island leads to a perfect spot for a picnic on a Lake Huron beach . The Upper Peninsula hike does n't skimp on scenery . You might spy a great blue heron or bald eagles perched nearby . For information , visit www.fs.fed.us/r9/forests/hiawatha/ . Florida : Canaveral National Seashore Just north of the Kennedy Space Center , Canaveral National Seashore offers 24 miles of secluded beaches with dunes and lagoons . The Castle Windy Trail leads hikers from the ocean through the coastal hammock and past an ancient Indian midden . No boardwalks or signs detract from the splendor of this mile-long sand trail . For information , call 321/267 -1110 or visit nbbd.com/godo/cns/trails.html . Newfoundland : East Coast Trail For a hike that 's really out there , try Newfoundland 's East Coast Trail , crossing the easternmost land in North America . It runs for about 335 miles past towering cliffs and headlands , sea stacks , deep fjords and a natural wave-driven geyser called the Spout . Intentionally left unspoiled , the trail leads over large rocks and along cliff edges . For information , call 709/738 -4453 or visit eastcoasttrail.com . Alaska : Kachemak Bay State Park The Emerald Lake Trail in Kachemak Bay State Park , near Homer , covers the highlights of Alaska . The 13-mile round-trip hike climbs 1,650 feet , passes a glacier and crosses a log bridge . Other park hikes pass below the high-tide line and offer access to glaciers , forested coves and alpine peaks . For information , call 907/269 -8400 or visit acrossalaska.com/kbaypark.html . New York : Fire Island National Seashore About an hour east of New York City , hikers can find panoramic vistas , coastal plain ponds , harbor seals and maritime grasslands . The Sunken Forest Nature Trail is a 1.5 mile boardwalk , but you 'll want to focus on the 32 miles of Fire Island beach . Although your eyes will be drawn to the ocean and bay views , remember to look down to see the beach plum and beach heather along the way . For information , call 631/563 -4354 or visit nps.gov / fiis / . Texas : San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge Birders know it . Now you do , too . The Texas coast is a major habitat for migrating birds . For a close view of wildlife , the Cow Trap Trail , about 70 miles south of Houston , lets hikers travel from high to low marsh on a 1.5-mile levee . Flocks of ibis and other wading birds are often on display . But watch out for alligators ! They often sun on the banks of Moccasin Pond . For information , call 979/964 -3639 or visit fws.gov/southwest/refuges/texas/texasmidcoast/index.htm . Mississippi : Gulf Islands National Seashore Explore Mississippi 's natural coastline on Nature 's Way Trail , just 9 miles outside of Biloxi . Reopened after Hurricane Katrina damage , the Davis Bayou route passes snow-white beaches , coastal marshes and maritime forests on your easy hike through the national seashore . For information , visit nps.gov/archive/guis/extended/MIS/indexMS.htm . E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright © Coastal Living , 2009	Canaveral National Seashore in Florida offers 24 miles of secluded beaches San Bernard National Wildlife Refuge in Texas is a good spot for birding Camden Hills State Park in Maine offers magnificent views of Penobscot Bay
China launched its first lunar probe early Monday , which , if all goes well , will make it only the third nation -- after the United States and the Soviet Union -- to soft-land on the moon . The launch of the unmanned probe took place at 1:30 a.m. Monday  12:30 p.m. ET Sunday  , state-run Xinhua news agency reported . The Chang ` e-3 blasted off from a Long March 3B rocket in Sichuan province located in southwest China and is expected to land on the moon 's surface in mid-December . The new space effort comes just over a decade after the country first sent an astronaut into space . Unlike the soft-landing of the U.S. and the Soviet Union 's unmanned spacecraft , Chang ` e-3 will be able to survey the landscape first and determine the safest spot . Researchers say an impact crater named Sinus Iridum , or Bay of Rainbows , is its likely destination . In 2010 , China 's previous lunar mission captured images of the crater while scouting potential landing sites for the 2013 probe . China sets course for lunar landing this year On landing , the spacecraft will release Jade Rabbit  called Yutu in Chinese  -- a six-wheeled lunar rover equipped with four cameras and two mechanical legs that can dig up soil samples , a designer for the rover told Xinhua last month . A public poll determined the the solar-powered robot 's name , which comes from the white pet rabbit of the Chinese moon godess Chang ` e . The slow-moving rover will patrol the moon 's surface for at least three months , according to Xinhua . Timeline : China 's race into space In the United States , scientists are concerned the Chinese mission could interfere with a NASA study of the moon 's dust environment . Chang ` e-3 's descent is likely to create a noticeable plume on the moon 's surface that could skew the results of research already being carried out by NASA 's Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer  LADEE  , Jeff Plescia , chair of NASA 's Lunar Exploration Analysis Group told Space.com , a space news site . Chopsticks and soup spoons the inspiration behind China 's space tools	China launched an unmanned lunar probe Monday Chang ` e-3 will release a solar-powered rover on the moon 's surface The probe may interfere with a NASA lunar dust study , U.S. scientist says
CNN  -- Real Madrid restored their six-point lead at the top of Spain 's La Liga with a 5-1 thrashing of Real Sociedad Saturday . Real were held 1-1 at Villarreal in midweek but in their own Santiago Bernabeu stadium were back to winning ways . Gonzalo Higuain put Los Blancos ahead early in the first half before two goals apiece from Cristiano Ronaldo and Karim Benzema completed the rout . Ronaldo 's double left him level with Barcelona superstar Lionel Messi on 35 league goals as the superstar pair match each other goal for goal to maintain their incredible scoring rates . Xavi Prieto was on target late on for the well beaten visitors . Barcelona had earlier briefly cut Real 's lead to just three points after Messi and Gerard Pique scored in a 2-0 win at Mallorca . The victory came despite the reigning champions having to play the last half hour with only 10 men after Thiago Alcantara was shown red . Messi , who became Barcelona 's all-time leading scorer in midweek , got on the scoresheet in the first half . Alexis Sanchez was originally credited with the goal from Messi 's free kick but it was discovered he did not get a touch . Thiago 's dismissal for a second yellow left Barca on the back foot , but when Messi 's late shot hit the post , central defender Pique was the first to react to grab the clinching second .	Real Madrid keep six-point lead with 5-1win over Real Sociedad Cristiano Ronaldo scores double in easy win in Bernabeu Barcelona beat Mallorca 2-0 to maintain pressure at top Lionel Messi credited with opener in the win
CNN  -- Pakistani-American businessman Mansoor Ijaz has set off a political firestorm in Pakistan with his claims that he was brokering an offer from Pakistan 's civilian leaders to the Pentagon to unseat the leadership of the Pakistani military . Those accusations forced the resignation on Tuesday of Pakistan 's ambassador to the United States , Husain Haqqani , who Ijaz says orchestrated this proposal , which was delivered in a unsigned memo in May to Adm. Mike Mullen , then-U.S. chairman of the Joint Chiefs . Pakistan is a nuclear-armed state that is home to a number of Taliban groups that attack U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan and also is home to what remains of al Qaeda 's "  core " organization . Haqqani helped smooth over many tense moments in the important U.S.-Pakistan relationship , including the shooting in January of two Pakistanis by CIA contractor Raymond Davis and the Navy SEAL raid that killed Osama bin Laden in Abbottabad in northern Pakistan in May . Ijaz has said that the offer to get rid of the leadership of the Pakistani Army was sanctioned by Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari . The story is an explosive one in Pakistan , where relations between the civilian government and the military leadership are often tense and the United States is deeply unpopular . Writing in the Financial Times on October 10 , Ijaz explained that , "  The embarrassment of bin Laden being found on Pakistani soil had humiliated Mr. Zardari 's weak civilian government to such an extent that the president feared a military takeover was imminent . He needed an American fist on his army chief 's desk to end any misguided notions of a coup -- and fast . " Haqqani denies being involved in any such scheme , and Mullen says that while he did receive a memo that made this kind of offer -- delivered to him by Obama 's former National Security Adviser James L. Jones -- he ignored it because it just did n't seem credible . According to Ijaz , Lt. Gen. Ahmad Shuja Pasha , Pakistan 's powerful military intelligence chief , recently traveled to London to meet with him , where he "  forensically tested " Ijaz 's evidence , which consists of Blackberry messages between Ijaz and Haqqani . While the affair has already brought down Haqqani , a longtime critic of Pakistan 's military establishment and a well-known figure in diplomatic and national security circles in Washington , it could also damage the country 's civilian government . Haqqani 's wife , Farah Ispahani , is President Zardari 's spokeswoman and a prominent member of the governing Pakistan People 's Party . The man at the center of it all Who is Mansoor Ijaz , the Pakistani-American businessman at the center of this twisted tale ? Born to a family of Pakistani immigrants in Tallahassee , Florida , Ijaz grew up in rural Virginia , the son of two college teachers . After getting an undergraduate degree in nuclear physics from the University of Virginia and an MA in engineering from Massachusetts Institute of Technology , in the early 1990s Ijaz founded Crescent Investment Management , a New York investment firm . Crescent was politically well-connected . Ijaz 's partner in the firm was retired Air Force Lt. General James Alan Abrahamson , who played an instrumental role in President Ronald Reagan 's Strategic Defense Initiative  "  Star Wars "  . Another Washington heavyweight , the former CIA director R. James Woolsey , was chairman of the board of Ijaz 's publicly listed company , Crescent Technology Ventures PLC , based in London . In the mid - '90s , Ijaz gave hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Democratic Party , and hobnobbed with the Clintons at fund raising events . In 2003 , journalist Richard Miniter , in a book titled "  Losing Bin Laden : How Bill Clinton 's Failures Unleashed Global Terror " , relied on Ijaz as the principal source for the key part of his thesis , which concerned the five years Osama bin Laden spent in Sudan in the early and mid - 1990s . Miniter described multiple attempts Ijaz made between August 1996 and 1998 to interest the Clinton administration in improving relations with Sudan , as well as Sudanese offers to hand over intelligence on al Qaeda . In his account to Miniter and in later writings , Ijaz claimed to have helped draft a proposal for Sudan to provide intelligence on al Qaeda to the Clinton administration , and that Sudan had offered to arrest bin Laden . Clinton administration officials did not take Ijaz up on any of his offers to help because they viewed him as "  a Walter Mitty living out a personal fantasy , " according to Miniter . And the 9/11 Commission , which interviewed Ijaz , concluded that were was no "  credible evidence " that the Sudanese had made any offer to hand over bin Laden . In a 2004 interview with Fox News about Iraq , Ijaz , in his then-capacity as a foreign affairs analyst for the network , made another sensational claim : Chemical warheads were being smuggled into Iraq for a potentially catastrophic attack against American troops . And to top it off , Ijaz strongly suggested that the whole plan was given the green light by hardline Iranian mullahs . The story had everything to attract attention -- Mad mullahs ! WMD on the loose in Iraq !  At last !  And the threat of thousands of potential American casualties . Ijaz now concedes , "  This was an erroneous report based on information I had received from a former intelligence official on the ground in Iraq . I did not second source this story . " Ijaz also told CNN , "  I have written over 170 op-ed columns , appeared over 200 times on television and have not once had a word of what I said retracted due to factual errors . "  Ijaz has written one op-ed for CNN.com  . Ijaz told Fox in 2003 that "  eyewitness sources " placed Osama bin Laden and his deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri , in Iran . Asked by host Brit Hume about the sourcing of the story , Ijaz responded , "  I can just tell you that the source is unimpeachable . It is from inside Iran . These are eyewitness accounts . " There was , of course , nothing to this story . Ijaz now says , "  At the time I made it , I believed the source who had given the data to me . " Described as a "  U.S. nuclear proliferation and terrorism expert , " Ijaz told the Gulf News newspaper in 2006 that Iran not only had a nuclear bomb , it was seeking to "  duplicate them in large numbers before revealing their existence to the world . " Five years later , Iran still does not have a nuclear weapon , but Ijaz asserted to CNN , "  They had in my view then , and it remains my view now , at least one nuclear weapon stored in component parts . " In August 2003 Ijaz told the British newspaper The Guardian that he had learned that the Bush administration had brokered a deal with Pakistan 's dictator , Gen. Pervez Musharraf , not to capture or kill bin Laden so as not to cause unrest in the Muslim world . Ijaz told The Guardian "  There was a judgment made that it would be more destabilizing in the longer term  if bin Laden were captured or killed  . There would still be the ability to get  bin Laden  at a later date when it was more appropriate . " Ijaz provided no evidence for this claim , and the idea that the Bush administration would do a deal to let bin Laden go free is ludicrous on its face . Ijaz told CNN "  I stand by my comments , taken in full context , throughout that article . " Peeling back the layers of the story Pakistan 's government and Pakistani and American journalists continue to look into story behind "  Memogate . " What is puzzling about all of this -- if the allegations are true that Ambassador Haqqani used Ijaz to propose a deal to remove Pakistan 's military leaders to Mullen -- is : Why would Haqqani use Ijaz to do this ? After all , Haqqani has many formal and informal contacts at the Pentagon , and Ijaz has a history of making sometimes exaggerated or erroneous claims , and his record as an unsuccessful freelance diplomat with Sudan in the 1990s is a matter of public record . Finally , if Haqqani was looking for a discreet back channel to the Pentagon , Ijaz turned out not to be the ideal messenger as he was the person who outed the whole affair in the pages of the Financial Times last month . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peter Bergen and Andrew Lebovich .	Pakistan 's ambassador to the U.S. resigns over memo to Adm. Mike Mullen Peter Bergen , Andrew Lebovich : Memo spoke of ousting Pakistan national security team A Pakistani-American businessman disclosed the events in an opinion article Authors : It 's unclear why ambassador would use go-between to make the "  offer "
CNN  -- A bus explosion that killed one and injured dozens in Kenya was caused by a man believed to have ties to a militant group , authorities said Wednesday . The grenade attack Monday injured at least 40 people in a Uganda-bound bus , Kenyan police spokesman Eric Kiraithe said . It left blood stains and luggage scattered at the site of the attack in Nairobi 's central business district . Most of the injured were Ugandans headed home for the holidays , the spokesman said . He said the suspect , a 35-year-old Tanzanian , was the only fatality in the attack . It was unclear whether he had accomplices . "  Police suspected him because he was quite nervous and resisted attempts to have his luggage examined , " Kiraithe said . After an altercation with the police , the suspect dropped his bag , which exploded . "  We have strong reasons to believe there 's a link between him and Al-Shabaab , " Kiraithe said . He declined to comment on any evidence linking the suspect to the militant group that has been battling Somalia 's transitional government for years . The group , considered the al Qaeda proxy in Somalia , has previously threatened attacks on Uganda and Burundi . The two countries contribute troops to the peacekeeping effort in Somalia . Kiraithe said it is "  logical to believe he targeted the bus because it would have Ugandans . " The bus was bound for Uganda 's capital , Kampala . The nation 's authorities had warned of holiday terror attacks by the Islamist group hours before the blast . Kenya and Uganda have boosted security along their borders . "  We are investigating the crime together with Ugandan authorities , " the spokesman said . "  This is a busy travel period so we 're also adding more security and taking all measures to make sure it 's safe . " Al-Shabaab has claimed responsibility for July twin bombings in the Ugandan capital that killed more than 70 people watching the World Cup .	One person killed , 40 more are injured in the bus blast The suspect is a 35-year-old Tanzanian man , authorities say Police spokesman says there are "  strong reasons " to believe he 's tied to Somali insurgent group
CNN  -- Early each morning , millions of farmers around the world rise to toil in their fields . By night , gangs of mobsters scheme and legions of poker players shuffle up and deal . Sure , none of it 's real . But the overwhelming popularity of so-called social gaming -- simple games that let people play with their friends on networking sites such as Facebook -- is changing the face of video games , experts say . And as the maker of popular titles like FarmVille and Mafia Wars , San Francisco , California-based Zynga has ridden the games ' skyrocketing popularity to the top of that emerging market . For Zynga founder Mark Pincus , the formula for gaming success on Facebook , MySpace and other sites was as simple as it might seem counterintuitive : create simple games that people like but can easily set aside . "  We built the games so they could be played in a tab on your browser while you 're on a conference call , " said Pincus , a veteran Web entrepreneur who created Zynga in 2007 . Of course , they 've been helped by the massive growth of Facebook , where the games are so popular they 've spawned "  fan " pages devoted to complaining about having to watch friends play them . Facebook , with its 400 million users , is where the vast majority of people play FarmVille and Mafia Wars along with other Zynga titles like FishVille , Vampires , Café World , YoVille and Zynga Poker . In all , more than 65 million people play Zynga games every day , according to media tracking company Developer Analytics . Zynga 's top title , FarmVille , is played by an estimated 75 million people each month -- roughly equal to the number who have played the classic arcade and desktop game Tetris during its entire existence . The massive growth was satisfying but not altogether surprising to Pincus , whose previous startups had included Freeloader , a Web-based information-gathering service ; tech-support company SupportSoft ; and Tribe.net , an early social networking site from 2003 . He said that starting the game company , which he named after his late English bulldog , was an effort to fill what he considered a surprising void in most people 's daily Internet use . "  I thought in 2007 that something had gone oddly wrong with the whole Internet experience , " Pincus said . "  I would have thought games would have been one of the top two or three experiences people had on the Internet . " What Pincus got right , according to gaming expert Scott Steinberg , was a sort of return to the "  golden era " of games like Pac-man and Super Mario Bros. . "  Video games actually appealed to a huge cross-section . They appealed to everybody , " said Steinberg , publisher of DigitalTrends.com . "  What happened is , as we went through the mid - '80s to the mid-2000s , you started to see gaming become more incestuous in terms of 18 - to 34-year-old males making games for people just like them . " By contrast , three of Zynga 's top five games -- FarmVille , Café World and FishVille -- have mostly female players , with many players outside the traditional 18 - to 34-year-old range . Those games all operate on the same basic premise . Starting with a simple farm , fish tank or restaurant , the player works to make it bigger and fancier , sharing items with friends and helping each other along the way . Some of Zynga 's early titles simply mirrored existing board and card games . It was Mafia Wars -- in which players team up to whack other gangs -- that first exhibited what would become the hallmarks of social gaming : simple , single-player action that 's enhanced by teamwork . With FarmVille , that formula would become complete . Players plant virtual crops that can be harvested hours , or days , later . Along the way , they invite online friends to become their neighbors and help each other by sending gifts or helping with the farming . There 's no way to "  win , " but players take satisfaction in building big , fancy farms that they can showcase to their friends . "  A farm is something that is internationally understood and known . It 's cross-cultural , cross-gender , cross-age , " Pincus said . "  A great social game should be like a great cocktail party . If you want it to appeal to absolutely everyone you invite , it has to be broad in its content so that everyone gets it . " Not that Zynga 's success has come without criticism . With hundreds of smaller companies vying for a piece of the social gaming market , some rivals have accused Zynga of using its hefty venture capital to crowd out less-financed competitors . Many of its most popular games , including FarmVille , are similar to pre-existing games from smaller companies , a fact Pincus dismisses by noting that video games have always fallen into genres with similar titles from competing companies . Psycho Monkey LLC , the makers of Mob Wars , filed a lawsuit claiming that Mafia Wars ripped them off . Zynga settled that case in August , said a spokeswoman for the company . Zynga also was hit with complaints and lawsuits over its original business model , which let players earn in-game rewards for things like signing up for a credit card or video-rental membership . Critics said some of the offers amounted to scams , leading players to download unwanted software or unwittingly sign up for memberships that appeared stealthily on their phone bills . Pincus has acknowledged not being vigilant enough with the automated ads that appeared on Zynga games during the company 's early days . "  We were playing whack-a-mole , " Pincus said . "  Every time we found one of these or got a complaint , we would take them down . Eventually ... we realized we had to take a much more aggressive stance than a normal Web site . " In November , Zynga removed all "  lead-generating " ads , relying for revenue instead on the roughly 1 to 3 percent of the player base that pays for in-game items , such as a barn in FarmVille . It has since been putting the advertisements back in , with a new system that lets it more closely monitor what kind of ads show up , Pincus said . "  We 'll see where this goes for the entire industry , " Pincus said . "  It was really important to us to maintain a trusted position with our users . We wanted to do the right thing , and I think we did . " Pincus offers a ray of hope for another vocal group of critics : the social-media users who say they 're tired of seeing all of their friends ' updates about Zynga and other social games . On Facebook , a group called "  I dont care about your farm , or your fish , or your park , or your mafia !!! " had more than 5.2 million members recently . "  Please . No more of this stuff , " wrote one member . "  I 've had all I can take . About to hang up FACEBOOK . Just want a nice cozy place to talk with my friends ! " Pincus said he hopes that messages from games can eventually be targeted to a more select audience . "  We have to evolve , " Pincus said "  I think it 's heading to a place that 's more narrow-casting . I think you 'll get to a place where Facebook will be better about showing feeds to people who have a registered interest in them . " For example , he said , there might eventually be a way to send game notifications only to people who play social games themselves . "  It 's not just games . It 's going to be true for music , for pictures , for status updates , " Pincus said . "  I think , over time , these networks are going to start to shape more to ... your -LSB- registered interests -RSB- . " Meanwhile , Zynga will be among the developers continuing to change how people look at video gaming . It 's a change that Steinberg , the gaming guru , says will be for the better . While heavyweights like Electronic Arts and the popular Civilization series are making inroads into social gaming , Steinberg said , the genre is also opening up opportunities for smaller developers . "  We 're seeing , in many ways , a second renaissance for games , " Steinberg said . "  There 's been an epiphany among the developer community saying , ` Look at these millions of users that we 've forgotten to speak to for years . ' This can only be a good thing for the gaming industry in the end . "	Zynga games like FarmVille , Mafia Wars are played by millions every day on Facebook Expert says social gaming succeeds by appealing to women , other non-traditional gamers Zynga founder says key to success was games that can be played during conference call Backlash leads to FB group of 5 million saying they 're tired of seeing games
CNN  -- For hours at a time , Ronaldo Marcelo Wanderlei da Silva pedals on a stationary bike for a cause . But it is not an ordinary bike , nor an ordinary cause . Da Silva is an inmate at the prison in Santa Rita do Sapucai , Brazil , near Sao Paulo . He is among a small group of inmates who have been given the chance to lower their sentences by exercising on customized stationary bikes attached to car batteries that charge as they pedal . The batteries are in turn used to power street lights in the local plaza . The program exists only at this one prison , but is not the only recent effort at out-of-the-box thinking in Brazil 's penal system . Jose Henrique Mallmann , a judge in Santa Rita do Sapucai , came up with the idea for the pedaling program while doing internet searches for cost-free , clean energy sources . It was a personal curiosity , he said , and it led him to a story about an American gym that is partly powered by its patrons ' bicycle workouts . In his small city , it was easy to adapt the idea and put it in practice with the local prison , he said . The program provides a type of poetic justice , he said . Most inmates at some point deprived a sense of security from their victims . Now , by providing clean energy that powers the city 's plaza at night , they are providing a sense of security . "  This has been very well received . We are very satisfied with the public reaction , " Mallmann said . Brazil 's prisons , by and large , are overcrowded and unpleasant places . According to the ministry of justice , Brazil 's prisons are at 167 % of capacity , as of December 2011 . The prison population has more than doubled since 2001 . But new initiatives are finding creative ways to address these issues while helping inmates and society at the same time . Another recent program -- this one at the federal level -- allows inmates to reduce their sentence for reading books . The idea is to help inmates be better prepared for success when they reintegrate with the outside world . Inmates can shave four days off their sentence through each book they read , up to 48 days per year , the new law states . The "  Redemption Through Reading " program , as it 's known , requires the inmates to write a book report . The law goes as far as to specify that these reports must be written neatly and must not stray from the topic of the book . The books available to inmates will include literary classics and scientific and philosophical tomes , among others . "  There is very alarming crisis in the penal system , " said Leonardo Schmitt de Bem , a Brazilian professor and expert on criminal law . "  Proposals like this , which reduce sentences and give a social and cultural foundation to people are very interesting . " The reading program addresses the overcrowding problem and gives inmates a cultural foundation , he said . Reading is an important tool because a large percentage of Brazilian prisoners come from poor backgrounds and have little education . Nearly half of Brazilian inmates -- 46 % -- have not completed more than nine years of basic education , according to the ministry of justice . More than 26,000 prisoners  5 %  are illiterate . The new law gives inmates something to do , and better prepares them for then they reintegrate with society , de Bem said . "  It is a necessary measure given the prison crisis in Brazil , " he said . The program has existed for several years , but was codified into the law just last month . It is a "  pioneering " initiative , de Bem said , but would have much greater impact if it were imposed on all prisons , not just the federal ones , which hold just a fraction of the country 's inmates . In Santa Rita do Sapucai , Mallmann says he has bigger dreams than having inmates powering street lamps . He envisions a system where the battery power is converted into electricity that can be used to power houses . In the short term , the goal is to power the city 's entire plaza with clean energy produced by the prisoners . Currently , there are four bicycles that require 10 hours of pedaling to fully charge one battery . The energy is enough to power 10 street lamps , out of 34 lamps that provide light for the plaza . Authorities hope to expand the number of bikes to 10 in the near future , Mallmann said . For every 16 hours of pedaling , inmates have their sentences reduced by one day , with no maximum on how much they can bike , he said . Da Silva , the inmate at the Santa Rita do Sapucai prison , said at first the prison population did n't know what to make of the stationary bicycles , but estimates that now , some 80 % of prisoners want to participate . "  I started to learn more about the project and only then I understood how important it is for the city , " he said . For now , there are two teams of four inmates who were chosen to participate , based on their good behavior . "  The project is very good for the prisoners , it shows the good they can do , " he said . Da Silva is serving a five-and-a-half year sentence for assault , and has erased 20 days off his punishment since he began pedaling two months ago , he said . The 36-year-old said that the time on the bike also gives him time to reflect on his situation . While he 's pedaling , "  I think about my imprisonment , about my freedom , my wife , my kids , " he said .	New alternatives to reduce prison sentences in Brazil have emerged In one city , inmates can pedal bikes that produce clean energy At federal level , prisoners can read books to shorten jail time Programs address prison overcrowding and help inmates
CNN  -- The Guinness World Records Book 2011 lists the CBS soap opera "  The Bold and The Beautiful " as the "  most popular soap opera -- current " for its success not only at home , but abroad . The show can be seen in more than 110 countries and garnered 24.5 million viewers across the globe in 2008 , making it more watched than any other telenovela or soap opera on television , according to Guinness . Too bad daytime dramas are n't doing as well in the United States . As fans mourn the impending loss of long-running soap operas "  All My Children " and "  One Life to Live , " such dramas in other countries and in other languages are thriving . In Ireland , fans are closely following the trials and tribulations of the Bishops on "  Fair City , " while there 's plenty of drama being stirred up in Munich on the popular German soap , "  Lindenstraße . " Audiences in the United Kingdom have been enthralled with "  EastEnders " since it debuted in 1985 and the Dutch get their soapy fix with "  Goede Tijden , Slechte Tijden , " or "  Good Times , Bad Times . " "  Home and Away " in Australia offers plenty of crickey , hard-bodied , soapy action while the Belgians enjoy "  Thuis "  "  At Home "  . Even in America , the Hispanic telenovelas are racking up ratings that most soaps would envy . Sam Ford , co-editor of the book "  The Survival of Soap Opera , " said part of the issue could be a matter of timing . "  Soap operas are considered part of daytime  TV  here and they are considered part of prime time  TV  in many other areas , " he said . "  When U.S. soaps air elsewhere , when British and Australian soaps air and when telenovelas air , a good portion of them air at night and they do n't necessarily have some of the same stigmas of daytime programming in the U.S. " Despite their vaunted place in American television history , soaps have not always received the praise or recognition of their night time counterparts . Many of the original television soap operas began as radio programs which made the leap to the small screen in the 1950s and 1960s when the country had a very different landscape . Advertisers rushed to get onboard with the hopes of snagging the interest -- and dollars -- of the stay-at-home mothers who watched the programs . By the 1980s , the shows experienced a pop culture revival with the help of characters like Luke and Laura on "  General Hospital " and gave several major stars their first break in the business . According to The Guardian , when Luke and Laura married in 1981 , 14 million viewers tuned in to watch , while now the soap averages an audience between 2.5 to 3 million . But the long-running nature of the soaps , where fans can literally check back in years later and catch right up , is not playing as well with today 's viewers . Lynn Leahey , editor of Soap Opera Digest , told The Guardian that shifting viewer demographics are to blame . "  Women are not at home in the same numbers they used to be , " she said . "  Mothers used to pass the soap-watching bug on to their daughters -- that just does n't happen now . " Instead , today 's soaps are competing with the drama of reality television shows and the time suck that can be social networking . That craving for a storyline is still there and Peter Tinoco , president and chief executive officer of Venevision Productions , said telenovela audiences enjoy that weaving of a tale . "  There is a difference between our telenovela and the soap operas in the United States , " he said . "  The soap operas in the United States are ongoing while our telenovelas are like if you were reading a book which has a beginning and an ending and through it people try to live the life of the protagonist . I think the success is in having a beginning and an ending because people do n't get tired of watching something . " Tinoco 's company is the producer of the telenovela , "  Eva Luna , " which is the highest-rated domestically produced telenovela . The show recently presented its grand finale on the Univision network which drew more than 9.7 million viewers , according to Nielsen data . "  Eva Luna " also did gangbusters in Latin American countries , Tinoco said , a testament to the cultural importance of such shows in the Hispanic community . The history of the telenovela began decades ago , Tinoco said , with illustrators producing comic book-style pamphlets of operas and plays that the poor population in Latin American countries could n't afford to attend . From there , telenovelas share a history with soaps in that the stories morphed into radio programs and later television shows , he said . Tinoco said the popularity of telenovelas in the U.S. are a mirror of the success they have found in Latin America where every channel has multiple series . When one ends , a new one takes its place and audiences follow , he said . "  They are very basic , " he said . "  It 's a love story , even if it has a little bit of suspense or a little bit of comedy ; they always involve a love story . " Daniela Guevara , with the Hispanic marketing firm Lanza Group told CNN she understands the appeal of the telenovelas . "  I 'm not surprised to see the success because it 's something that the Hispanic community has grown up with , " she said . "  It 's part of our family , part of our life , since we 're younger , family , grandparents , parents , brothers , sisters . So I 'm not surprised . " The popularity of the telenovelas is expected to increase . According to Nielsen data "  by 2050 , Hispanics are projected to account for more than 30 % of the U.S. population " and that number will be reflected in the ratings . "  The Hispanic consumer represents the greatest potential for sustained growth in the U.S. today , " said a recent Nielsen report titled "  What You Think You Know vs. What You Need to Know about U.S. Hispanics and Media . " "  At the current rate of expansion , Hispanics will drive population growth and , in turn , consumption in America for the next generation . " So while the future looks brighter for telenovelas , soap operas appear to be in their winter of discontent . Soap actor Tristan Rogers said in Sam Ford 's book that the shows , which now are down to only four left out of 20 in years past , are on their way out . "  This is not a genre that will be around in another 50 years , " Rogers said . "  In many respects , it is n't necessary . They have made their mark , and almost every type of medium owes something to the way the soaps have been put together , whether they want to admit it or not . " Editor Ford , who has written about the demise of American soaps for Fast Company , said whether or not American soaps are headed for extinction in the short term remains to be seen . "  Ultimately that will be up to the networks and the advertisers , " he said . "  There are four  soap operas  still on the air in the U.S. and that 's 20 hours week . There are plenty of other genres on TV that do n't have that much programming . " CNN 's Rafael Romo contributed to this report	American soap operas often pull larger audiences abroad Soaps across the globe are also enjoying popularity Telenovelas are hot right now in the U.S. and pulling in big ratings
Sanaa , Yemen  CNN  -- Yemen foiled an al Qaeda plot to capture oil and gas facilities and seize two key southern ports early this week , a spokesman for the prime minister said Wednesday . However , another Yemeni government official said it did not appear that the plot was the terror threat that prompted the United States on Tuesday to urge Americans to leave the country . That official , who was not authorized to speak to the media , downplayed the report of the plot disruption , saying that "  these are ongoing threats to oil and gas installations in Yemen . " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula "  has neither the manpower nor the capabilities to capture ports or seize pipelines , " the official said . "  Security precautions are always in place regarding all oil installations and energy infrastructure in Yemen . " News of the foiled plot comes after the United States , acting on intelligence information , issued a worldwide travel alert and closed a number of embassies and consulates over large areas of the Middle East and Africa this week . Rajeh Badi , a spokesman for Yemen 's prime minister , said that Yemen "  ended an al Qaeda plot to attack strategic locations in Mukalla and Shabwa , " referring to a Yemeni port city and a southern province . "  Large numbers of government forces are making sure the Yemeni coasts are safe from any al Qaeda attack . Al Qaeda sought to attack the oil pipelines , but failed and tried to attack through the coast of Mukalla but failed as well , " he said . However , the state news agency Saba denied there was ever an al Qaeda plot to take over Mukalla . It cited a security source it did not name . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki told reporters Wednesday that the U.S. Embassy there remains closed "  because we believe that a threat remains . " On Tuesday , two U.S. military transport aircraft landed in Yemen to evacuate American citizens . The UK Foreign Office has also withdrawn its embassy staff . A senior Yemeni Interior Ministry official told CNN that "  a few " al Qaeda operatives arrived in Sanaa over the past three days , which has forced government authorities to put Yemeni forces on high alert . The official could not be named , as he is not authorized to speak to the media . "  We are confident that government security forces will be able to stop any attack from taking place in Sanaa , but the militants do have a good history of operating in Sanaa , " he said Tuesday . "  It 's not a secret that al Qaeda also has sleeper cells in Sanaa , " the source said . Bergen : What 's behind timing of terror threat Evacuation troubles Yemen ministry Psaki said Tuesday that the United States has "  a close partnership " with Yemen and that Secretary of State John Kerry had spoken with President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi to thank him for his efforts . But in a sign of possible tensions with its international allies , Yemen 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs said the evacuation of embassies "  serves the interests of the extremists " and undermined its efforts . List of U.S. embassies and consulates closed this week "  Yemen has taken all necessary precautions to ensure the safety and security of foreign missions in the capital Sanaa , " a statement said Tuesday . "  While the government of Yemen appreciates foreign governments ' concern for the safety of their citizens , the evacuation of embassy staff serves the interests of the extremists and undermines the exceptional cooperation between Yemen and the international alliance against terrorism . " Meanwhile , Sanaa residents told CNN of their concern about long-term security issues and fears of possible U.S. intervention in Yemen . University student Sara al-Shibani said she felt Yemen had no option but to concede to "  international powers , " since the country is weak and poor . She also worries that "  many Yemenis will die because of ... foreign involvement in Yemeni politics . " "  The United States is making Yemenis feel that we are ... the next Afghanistan , " said local banker Nasser al-Maqdashi . Drone strikes kill 6 ; helicopter shot down Six militants in separate vehicles were killed in two drone strikes in Shabwa province Wednesday morning , according to several official sources in Yemen not authorized to be named . This was the fifth such strike in two weeks , and the second in Shabwa . A local security official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN that he does not believe any of those killed were senior al-Qaeda members . The latest strikes came a day after a pair of suspected U.S. drone strikes killed four al Qaeda militants in Yemen . Security sources told CNN about those strikes but did n't offer additional details . None of those killed Tuesday were among the 25 names on the country 's most-wanted list , security officials said . It was unclear whether Tuesday 's strikes were related to the security alert in place in the country since U.S. officials intercepted a message from al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri to operatives in Yemen telling them to "  do something . " The message was sent to Nasir al-Wuhayshi , the leader of AQAP , the terror group 's Yemeni affiliate . U.S. intelligence believes al-Wuhayshi has recently been appointed the overall terror organization 's No. 2 leader . Security Clearance blog : What al Qaeda wants to do Three sources told CNN that the United States has information that members of AQAP are in the final stages of planning for an unspecified attack . Recent jailbreaks in Pakistan , Iraq and Libya all have the fingerprints of al Qaeda operations . Meanwhile , a Yemeni government official not authorized to speak to media told CNN that a Yemeni military helicopter was shot down in Mareb province Tuesday . He said that the helicopter had been inspecting the country 's main oil pipeline -- one that has been subject to repeated attacks -- and added Wednesday that "  AQAP is now the prime suspect . " At least eight people were killed , including the 107th Brigade commander , six army escorts and at least one crew member , he said . AQAP 's recent attacks have included a suicide bombing on a pro-government militia in the south in March that killed 12 , and an attempted suicide bombing attack on a gas pumping facility in the port city of Balhaf in June . In July , several soldiers were killed by a bomb in Sanaa after a lull in attacks in the capital . AQAP has not mounted a large-scale suicide attack on Yemen 's security forces since May 2012 , when more than 100 soldiers were killed by a suicide bomber as they trained for a parade in Sanaa . Many of AQAP 's operatives , including its leadership , retreated into remote areas after the Yemeni military offensive last year and regrouped . The Yemeni security forces , extensively reorganized under Hadi , have over the past 18 months recaptured swathes of territory that were briefly held by AQAP , particularly in the south of the country . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom reported from Beirut and journalist Hakim Almasmari from Sanaa , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Elise Labott , Barbara Starr , Tim Lister and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	NEW : The state news agency denies there was a plan to take over Mukalla A Yemeni official says the foiled plot does n't appear linked to the threat that concerned the U.S. "  Yemen has taken all necessary precautions " for safety , the government says Two drone strikes in southern Shabwa kill six militants
CNN  -- An Iranian court may render the final verdict Thursday in the case of Sakineh Mohammedie Ashtiani , sentenced to death by stoning in Iran for allegedly committing adultery . That case was placed under review after her attorney , Mohammad Mostafaei , helped launch a worldwide campaign to clear her . Now , as Ashtiani 's two children wait to hear word of their mother 's fate , Mostafaei 's family must also await word of his . That 's because Mostafaei , a prominent human rights lawyer , was being held Wednesday at a detention center in Istanbul , Turkey , where he has requested asylum , said Metin Corabatir , a representative in Turkey for the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees . He allegedly entered the country with improper documentation , the agency said . Turkey does not require visas for citizens from neighboring Iran to enter the country . As a result , it is the first place hundreds of Iranians fled to after the Iranian government cracked down on opposition activists and critics over the past year . Human rights groups are urging officials to grant his asylum request because they say he could be in grave danger if he is forced to return to Iran . There is no word yet on whether any nation is willing to accept him . Mostafaei went into hiding July 24 , after facing a lengthy interrogation at Iran 's notorious Evin prison , the same day rallies were being held worldwide to draw attention to the Ashtiani case . His wife and brother-in-law were reportedly arrested that night at his office in Tehran as they tried to gather his belongings . The Iranian government has since released Mostafaei 's brother-in-law , but human rights groups said they are holding his wife as collateral until Mostafaei returns . In a now widely circulated open letter reportedly penned by Mostafaei and posted on the internet , the lawyer accused Iranian authorities of holding his wife "  hostage . " He also explained why he made the painful choice of leaving his wife behind . "  Despite the arrest of the person I love most in my life , I decided not to ever set foot in a judicial office where the interrogators do not abide by any basic laws , " he wrote . "  Hostage taking is never legal " Mostafaei said . "  I decided not to appear unless the interrogator 's office tries hard enough to come and arrest me in my silo that I have built for myself . " Mostafaei was asked by CNN in early July if he was worried about his safety after bringing so much attention to Ashtiani , who was convicted of adultery in 2006 and condemned to die by the brutal method of stoning . Mostafaei told CNN that he knew the risks -- he had been detained briefly after Iran 's post-election turmoil in June 2009 -- but that would not stop him fighting for human rights . But it was that very fight that forced him to flee the country he calls home . As part of that open letter , Mostafaei cried out to the Iranian government -- and to God -- for the strange twist in his fate . "  For the past few years all my thoughts have been towards saving people who did not deserve to die . " he wrote . "  I was so occupied with saving these people that I hardly got to see my dear wife and daughter . ... And for someone who has always worked towards justice and the interests of the Islamic Republic , is this the way I am paid back for my God-loving and human-loving actions ? " "  I leave you and your interrogator at the mercy of God , the creator , " he continued . "  I hope that you wo n't let my child cry for her mother , not eating food and wanting her mother back . She needs to hug her mother . If through this separation from her mother she gets hurt , it 's a sin that you have committed . " The Iranian government has not commented on the detention of Mostafaei 's wife . Meanwhile , human rights activists are urging the international community not to forget Ashtiani , who may soon die . Nor the man who tried to set her free . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Prominent human rights lawyer Mohammad Mostafaei is being held in Turkey He helped bring attention to the case of the Iranian woman who was to be stoned In an open letter , he appeals for the well-being of his family
San Francisco  CNN  -- Police here have opened an investigation into the search of a man 's home by Apple employees , an official said Wednesday . San Francisco police were flooded with inquiries and barraged with criticism after releasing a statement on Friday saying four officers had aided Apple , which sent two of its security officials to search a man 's home for a "  lost item . " At the time of the search last month , Apple declined to file a formal report with the police . Apple did not find the device at the man 's home , police said . The item they were looking for was a prototype for the next iPhone that was lost in a bar , according to CNET , making this the second time in as many years that an Apple employee has lost a prototype while out for drinks . CNET reported earlier Wednesday that the police had opened an investigation . Lt. Troy Dangerfield confirmed that police are now investigating the case , but he declined to comment further , citing a policy that prohibits officials from discussing open investigations . "  It 's not something we can just let pass , " Dangerfield said . Police officials said they were unable to confirm until Friday that a search had taken place because those involved did not file paperwork , at Apple 's request . Apple had not returned an official 's initial request for comment , police spokesman Albie Esparza said last week . The official statement came after police finally conferred with Apple . Apple declined CNN 's request for comment on Friday . A man told the publication SF Weekly last week that he consented to a search of his home when the people arrived and identified themselves as police . He reportedly said it was n't clear that the pair searching his home were Apple employees , not police ; he also told the publication he would not have authorized the search if he had known . Misrepresenting oneself as being a police officer is a crime , but police are allowed to mislead suspects , said Rebecca Lonergan , a former federal prosecutor who now teaches at the University of Southern California 's law school .	Police launch investigation into the search of a man 's house by Apple employees An official declined to comment further , citing police policy Apple has declined to offer its side of the story
CNN  -- World No. 2 Rafael Nadal has crashed out of the ATP World Tour Finals after suffering his second group-stage defeat in London on Thursday . Needing to beat Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to go through to Saturday 's semifinals as Group B runner-up behind Roger Federer , the Spaniard went down 7-6  7-2  4-6 in pulsating clash with the sixth-ranked Frenchman . Tsonga is next likely to face unbeaten Spaniard David Ferrer , who plays Tomas Berdych in his last Group A match on Friday . Ferrer has already qualified , and most permutations will see him go through as group winner no matter the result of that match . Berdych will qualify ahead of world No. 1 Novak Djokovic if he wins in straight sets . Federer : Strike talk is ` nonsense ' Djokovic can still make it if he wins in two sets against fellow Serbian Janko Tipsarevic -- who is standing in for the injured Andy Murray -- and Berdych loses a set . Federer had already qualified as Group B winner before beating Mardy Fish 6-1 3-6 6-3 in Thursday 's opening match , handing the eighth-ranked American a third successive defeat in his debut at the tournament . Tsonga tested Federer in the tournament 's opening match on Sunday before losing in three sets to the defending champion , who is seeking to win a record sixth title . Rihanna to Rafa : Tennis gets popstar makeover The 26-year-old brushed off Fish in straight sets on Tuesday before Federer thrashed Nadal 6-3 6-0 to leave second place up for grabs . Tsonga , making his first finals appearance in three years , had a 2-6 record against Nadal but took full advantage of the 10-time grand slam champion 's apparent end-of-season fatigue as his aggressive approach paid dividends . The Spaniard looked like he might save the match as he bounced back with familiar fist-pumping power in the second set , but Tsonga 's booming serve and acrobatic ability kept him out front in the decider . He promptly celebrated with his trademark victory dance , having improved on his 2008 debut in Shanghai when he lost twice but beat Djokovic . Earlier that year Tsonga defeated Nadal in the semifinals of the Australian Open , then lost to Djokovic in the title match . Nadal ended his 2011 season with a 67-15 record , winning one grand slam but losing his top ranking to Djokovic as the 24-year-old triumphed in the other three .	Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beats world No. 2 Rafael Nadal in decisive Group B clash Frenchman claims semifinal place alongside group winner Roger Federer Defending champion Federer earlier defeated American No. 8 Mardy Fish World No. 1 Novak Djokovic will seek to earn a last-four place on Friday
Wired  -- A year after its release , Google 's open source Android operating system has become a sensation . After a slow start , it is now available on at least 12 phones , with more devices waiting in the wings . Good news for Android fans , right ? Not really , say some developers . A slew of problems have made managing Android apps a "  nightmare , " they say , including three versions of the OS  Android 1.5 , 1.6 and 2.0  , custom firmware on many phones , and hardware differences between different models . For users , it means apps in the store could be buggy , might not work well depending on their handsets , and could deliver a frustrating experience . Unaware of the increasing back-end complexity , they would then be more likely to leave bad reviews for those apps -- a potentially lethal blow for small businesses , say developers . "  Instead of working on updates to our apps , we find we are trying to make each app work for multiple versions of the OS and different hardware capabilities , " says Chris Fagan , co-founder at Froogloid , an Android-focused application development company . "  We are not complaining about all the growth , but if you are a small or a new Android developer coming in and trying to learn I could see your head exploding . It would be overwhelming , " he says . The problem echoes similar concerns over Java in the 1990s . Originally touted as a way for developers to build apps that would run on any computer  "  write once , run anywhere "  , developers found that wide variations in Java virtual machines as well as available hardware meant that Java 's promise was really "  write once , debug everywhere . " While Java is still used -- particularly in the mobile space , where it powers games and other apps written for Java-capable cellphones -- it is not nearly the cross-platform panacea it was originally conceived as . Fagan 's concern about the fragmentation of Android is being echoed by other developers , says Sean Galligan , vice president of business development at Flurry , an mobile app analytics company . "  There 's no question that we are starting to hear developers express concern , " says Galligan . "  Android is growing very fast and there 's a lot of excitement for it but it 's also a lot for work , especially for medium and small developers . " Since the launch of the first HTC T-Mobile G1 phone running Android OS , a number of handset makers have jumped on the bandwagon . HTC alone has five Android handsets available , while others like Motorola have shifted completely to the Android platform . In the past two months , Motorola released two new Android-based handsets , the Cliq and Droid . And in a bid to differentiate themselves , handset makers are creating custom user interfaces like the HTC Sense , the Motorola Blur and the Rachael UI from Sony Ericsson . Android phones vary significantly in the hardware , too -- phones with and without camera flash , some have physical keyboards , others do n't . "  You may build an app that works perfectly with all three firmwares , but then when you run it on carriers ' ROMs it completely blows up , " says Fagan . "  So we find ourselves having to create apps that are compatible with multiple firmwares , multiple ROMs and multiple devices with different hardware . " It 's in sharp contrast to the iPhone platform . Apple has tightly controlled the introduction of new iPhones and updates to its operating system . It has just three iPhone models available since it first introduced the phone in 2007 . And all iPhone users are prompted to update their phones to be on the same version of the operating system . While Apple pioneered the app store idea with the iPhone , Android , too , offers Market , a store for distribution of third-party programs . Unlike with the Apple app store , Android developers do not have to go through an approval process to get their apps on the Android Market . Currently , the Android market has about 10,000 apps compared to the 100,000 in Apple 's app store . For developers , Apple 's autocratic ways may be frustrating , but they can pay off . "  Apple maintains an iron grip on what they do and there 's an advantage to that , " says Kelly Schrock , owner of Fognl , which has three apps on the Android market . "  IPhone developers do n't have to worry about fragmentation and creating apps for the iPhone is much easier . " Founded about the same time as the first Android phone hit the market , Froogloid today has more than 100,000 users across its three apps : a2b , Key Ring and CowPotato . But with Android 's growth , managing these apps is becoming quite a challenge , says Fagan . The diversity of devices running Android OS has led to some unexpected results , says Fagan . For instance , the Sprint HTC Hero was launched without its GPS setting turned on . When run , the a2b application could trigger it -- but Froogloid soon found that the standard commands they used reacted differently on the Hero than on other Android devices . Instead of launching the GPS settings , it set off the "  screen unlock pattern " settings , says Chris Pick , requiring Froogloid to write custom code in their app for that particular device . Google says it has emulators available that allows developers to test their application running on simulated devices so they can see how it behaves . But it does n't always work , says Fagan . "  In a sense , we are shooting blind with the emulators because we have no idea how it is really working on the device . " For instance , explains Pick , the graphics for their 3D game app , Cowpotato worked fine on the emulator but crashed when run on Motorola 's Droid phone . Pick suspects a bug in the graphics driver on the Droid . Writing for a fix for it took care of the problem but its not the best solution , he says . "  When we have to start writing rules based on the phone model in our code , it adds more code to our code base , creates more work for us and makes the app heavier , " says Pick . Different versions of the OS also means new functionality is added or some removed . Understanding these changes and making software backward compatible takes time , say Schrock . "  It 's a multiplication of work to support all of them . " A bigger problem is the customization of firmware or custom ROMs . For instance , Google offers a basic homescreen with the Android code . But device manufacturers or network carriers can always modify it . Sometimes the changes are simple , such as replacing all white color with grey , or red with yellow . That allows handset makers and carriers to tailor Android better for their customers , something that Google says it supports "  strongly . " "  That is n't a big deal , " says Fagan . "  However , when they start changing fundamentally how certain activities are controlled , such as user settings and screen orientation , it creates issues for developers that have built their apps on an out of the box version of the firmware/SDK . " Custom ROMs are always available for developers to look through , points out Froogloid . "  Google has mandated that every one base their releases on the standard versions , " says Pick . "  But this slips under the radar . " Ultimately , developers will have to start making tough decisions on who they want to target and versions of the operating system they want to support , says Galligan . "  Developers have to identify which devices and carriers appeal to the market they are creating an app for and develop just for it , " he says . A one-man band , Schrock says without any employees he ca n't maintain four different app versions . "  It 's getting a lot riskier on the Android . It 's not 4x increase in the cost but it will be a lot more work . " And while Schrock says the apps are not his meal ticket , he does n't want to make choices that could cut off some Android users from his apps . "  I will have to decide then how much return I am getting and if it is worth it . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2010 Wired.com .	After slow start , Android system has taken off in popularity Some developers say growth has made managing apps for the system a nightmare Google says it provides emulators to let developers test whether their apps work It 's the diversity of devices running Android that some say has led to uneven results
NEW YORK  CNN  -- When singer-pianist Peter Cincotti showed up to speak to CNN in 2004 , he was fresh-faced and impeccably dressed in a suit and shiny shoes . Peter Cincotti rose to fame as a jazz pianist . His new album features pop songs . Seated at a piano , and under the watchful eye of his very sweet mother Cynthia , Cincotti performed the standard "  How High the Moon , " showing off piano skills you 'd expect from someone far beyond his 21 years . His debut album had just topped the Billboard traditional jazz chart -- the youngest artist to claim such a feat . Now 25 , Cincotti is still fresh-faced , but he sings to a very different tune . Looking trendy in a fitted sweater , his hair a little looser , his personality more playful -- mom did n't come to this interview -- Peter has gone pop . "  He 's this great jazz pianist , " says producer David Foster , who worked on Cincotti 's new album . "  And he just turned the whole thing 180 and wrote these incredible pop songs . " To Cincotti , whose pop debut "  East of Angel Town " was released last week on Warner Bros. . Records , the switch is n't that big a deal . "  I 'm a musician , " he says . "  I was just playing what I love then , and I 'm playing what I love now . " Watch Cincotti do what he loves " Enlisting Foster to help navigate the transition was crafty : Foster is a 15-time Grammy winner with an undeniable knack for generating pop hits . He also has a reputation for getting his way in the studio . But Cincotti , a native New Yorker , did n't make things easy . "  He 's a control freak , too , so we butted heads a lot , " says Foster . "  And he actually made me come to New York to make the record . And I do n't like New York because I 'm claustrophobic and I do n't dig elevators . But he made me come here for three months . That 's how much I loved his music . " Cincotti smiles when he recalls the expletive-ridden voicemail message Foster left him expressing his displeasure over having to vacate his Los Angeles base to work on the project . "  I saved that message , " Cincotti says . "  It 's great . " Cincotti talked to CNN about new beginnings , old influences and playing piano in the fast lane . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : What do you love about pop ? Peter Cincotti : To be honest I do n't even categorize  my music  as that . It 's just what I 'm doing now . This is my first record that I 've written everything . It 's my first record of original material so the style changed and that 's basically what I 'm doing right now . CNN : When a 25-year-old is writing songs , what experiences are you drawing on ? Cincotti : Well , this record is ... kind of like a debut , and I wanted to write about things that I never sang about before in songs . Things that either happened to me , personal experiences . And I did n't want to write a record of "  I love you and you love me . " So a lot of the subject matter I think is a bit atypical of what 's out there right now ... at least to me . CNN : You 've been playing the piano since you were how old ? Cincotti : I started when I was 3 . My grandma bought me this ten-key toy piano , and she taught me how to play "  Happy Birthday . " It was my third birthday , and I sat down and I never stopped . CNN : Which pianists have inspired you over the years ? Cincotti : There are so many . I 'm still going through phases . I 'll just listen to a certain musician . The first guy I remember ... I got my first cassette ... it was a Jerry Lee Lewis tape . I remember I was 5 years old and I went with my uncle to the record store . And I always liked "  Great Balls of Fire " ... and I just could n't stop trying to play like Jerry Lee Lewis . So he was the first piano player guy that really got under my skin . And then that led to many others ... piano players like Ray Charles , Stevie Wonder , Billy Joel . From Art Tatum to Shirley Horne ... CNN : Jerry Lee Lewis played fast . Do you like to play fast ? Cincotti : Back then I did . Back then I was fascinated . The faster the better . Now , if it 's called for , sure . CNN : What was it like working with David Foster ? Cincotti : It was great . He was a pain in the ass ! In a good way . And I was a pain in the ass back to him . But I love working with him . There was no BS . It was just a very honest relationship . And I went through a period of taking my time figuring out what kind of producer I wanted for this record , and when he and I met ... we said "  let 's just do one song together and see if it works out . " I was honored that he was interested , but at the same time I wanted the record to be right for what the vision was . But we got together and did 11 songs in three days . And it was one of those things that just clicked and happened . I could n't imagine doing it with anyone else . CNN : What do you have against Los Angeles ? Cincotti : I do n't know if I have anything against it , but I 'd rather spend my time elsewhere . CNN : Like New York ? Cincotti : Like New York . CNN : You 're a New Yorker through and through are n't you ? Cincotti : I guess so  laughs  .	Peter Cincotti had hit jazz album , now has album of pop songs Native New Yorker insisted Angeleno David Foster come to N.Y. to produce Cincotti started playing piano when he was 3 ; an early influence was Jerry Lee Lewis
CNN Student News  -- November 2 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : New York City ; New Jersey Iran ; Afghanistan Vatican City Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- The nearly 100 children living at an orphanage in Carrefour , Haiti , are hungry and thirsty , and desperately waiting for aid , a member of the orphan 's foundation told CNN on Saturday . All of the buildings of the Good Shepherd Orphanage , about eight miles from the capital of Port-au-Prince , were "  damaged beyond repair , " including the dormitories , said David Zimmer , treasurer for the Good Shepherd Orphanage and Schools Foundation . Zimmer spoke to CNN from Hebron , Kentucky , but said he has been in communication with the head of the orphanage , Pastor Ernst Cassy , who has worked in Carrefour for 40 years . He has also received messages via e-mail from staff in Carrefour , Zimmer said . The news he and his wife have received is heart-wrenching : The roads are impassable , Cassy has run out of food and the well they used to collect drinking water was damaged in Tuesday 's 7.0-magnitude quake . Get the latest developments in Haiti About 40,000 homeless people have sought refuge in the streets . The electricity is out and so is the gas that powered the generators . On the night of the quake , moans and screams pierced the dark . "  If they do n't get food and water there will be unrest like you ca n't believe , " Zimmer said . The Good Shepherd Orphanage is just one of several crippled recently . Reports of pancaked orphanages stretch from Port-au-Prince to the southern coastal town of Jacmel . Are you in Haiti and safe ? Share your photos In the capital on Friday , chaos broke out at the Maison De Lumiere Orphanage after severe shortages of food , water and medicine sparked an outcry , said Mike Maiolo , senior pastor of the volunteers ' home church in Mission Viejo , California . The building sustained heavy damage but no one was killed , he said . Many children who had parents on Tuesday morning , were orphans by that night . A doctor told CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen on Friday that the number of orphans had tripled after the quake . Zimmer said he plans to fly into Port-au-Prince on Tuesday . View or add to CNN 's database of missing persons in Haiti CNN 's Khadijah Rentas and Stan Wilson contributed to this report	Some 100 children at orphanage in Carrefour awaiting aid Orphans have no food , water well damaged Other orphanages crippled Many children who had parents are now orphans
CNN  -- A widespread outbreak of severe weather across the Deep South may be one for the record books , as the National Weather Service received reports of more than 150 tornadoes . "  This could be one of the most devastating tornado outbreaks in the nation 's history by the time it 's over , " CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris said . The unofficial number of twisters reported Wednesday by the Storm Prediction Center was 151 . The same system continued to spin off tornadoes early Thursday . The long-term average for confirmed tornadoes in April is 116 . "  It was certainly a rare day that there were so many tornadoes that caused so much damage in populated areas , " CNN Meteorologist Jacqui Jeras said . An official count is not immediately available , but Jeras said she expects that the numbers will reveal a historic April with a record number of twisters . Authorities were still assessing damage from the storms early Thursday , and it could be days before officials establish how many tornadoes hit . Several meteorological conditions combined Wednesday to create a particularly dangerous mix , Morris said . A storm system that brought severe weather to parts of the South Plains earlier this week headed east , a cold front was moving across the Deep South and upper levels of the atmosphere were conducive for severe storms . "  It is tornado season , but an intensive event like this only will occur maybe once or twice a year , " Morris said . "  It 's very rare to have all these ingredients come together . " The deadly phenomena can be spawned from rotating thunderstorms called supercells , which can stretch across areas as large as entire counties . A tornado can form when a mesocyclone -- a rotating column of air -- is created within a super cell storm and is stretched to create a funnel-like structure that can reach speeds of up to several hundred miles per hour . "  Almost like when you pull the drain in your tub , " said CNN Meteorologist Chad Myers . "  The entire storm spins and is focused and angled down . " "  When you have a storm all by itself like we saw yesterday , that 's when you get this structure , " he added . The worst tornado outbreak in U.S. history occurred in April 1974 , when 148 twisters touched down in 13 states over a 16-hour period , according to the National Weather Service . The agency said 330 people died and 5,484 were injured in a path of damage that covered more than 2,500 miles . That month saw a total of 267 tornadoes -- the largest number recorded since 1950 , according to the weather agency . By early Thursday , authorities said hundreds of people had been killed as storms swept through Georgia , Alabama , Mississippi , Tennessee and Arkansas . And dramatic images of massive funnel clouds and flattened buildings left little doubt about the storms ' strength . "  The storms are just amazingly explosive and they 're covering a very large area , " said Greg Carbin with the National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma . With the latest outbreak , April may turn out to be a historic month for tornadoes , he said . "  We may finish out April with more than 300 tornadoes , " Carbin said . "  It looks like it will be a record-breaker as far as sheer numbers go . The numbers for April are definitely on a record pace . " CNN 's Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Tornadoes can be spawned from rotating thunderstorms called supercells Authorities are assessing damage from the storms CNN meteorologist : "  It is very rare to have all these ingredients come together " The worst tornado outbreak in U.S. history occurred in April 1974
EW.com  -- A mysterious mechanical man with the ability to write and draw holds a place of honor in "  Hugo , " Martin Scorsese 's exquisite adaptation of Brian Selznick 's magical , award-winning children 's book "  The Invention of Hugo Cabret . " And the author 's description of the automaton 's construction -- " A cascade of perfect movements , with hundreds of brilliantly calibrated actions " -- is an equally good way to describe Scorsese 's achievement in making art that uses the most advanced of 3-D technology to sing a song of love to the movies , from the very dawn of the medium . For a lay audience , the result is a haunting , piquant melodrama about childhood dreams and yearnings , enhanced with a pleasant survey course in early film history .  It made me cry , without guilt . For more advanced cinephiles , the result is a cabinet of wonders in which each shot , each experiment in 3-D perspective , and , indeed , each scene in the story 's progression can be linked to what we already know about Scorsese , his work , and his well-known cinematic passions . A niggler might note that every element is at times an eensy bit too perfectly meshed and worked over . Today , I do n't feel like niggling . Hugo is played with jolting melodramatic pathos -- and the genetic blessing of bottomless , pale blue eyes -- by Asa Butterfield  "  The Boy in the Striped Pajamas "  . He is a sad young orphan who keeps the clocks running in a bustling 1930s Parisian train station patrolled by a limping gendarme .  As hammed up by Sacha Baron Cohen , the character constitutes one of the movie 's few tonal dissonances . Hugo is also the patient tinkerer who works after hours in his clock-tower hideaway repairing the automaton , gear by gear . Then a bitter train-station toy-shop keeper  Ben Kingsley at his best  and his intrepid goddaughter  "  Let Me In 's " ChloÃ "  Grace Moretz  set the boy on a path of discovery . "  Hugo " both ticks and flies by , a marvel meant to be pulled from the cabinet and enjoyed again and again . EW.com rating : A -- See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Hugo " is a haunting , piquant melodrama about childhood dreams and yearnings Hugo is played with jolting melodramatic pathos by Asa Butterfield "  Hugo " both ticks and flies by , a marvel meant to be pulled from the cabinet
CNN  -- The Ebola epidemic in West Africa is playing out before the world 's eyes . Each new update about the disease 's spread is breathless ; each new detail is related with dramatic flourish . "  Ebola Outbreak Hits Home " reads one headline ; "  Ebola outbreak is ` out of control , ' " says another . Meanwhile , on Tuesday , workers in hazmat suits carefully transported a second American patient with the disease to an Atlanta hospital for treatment . It is no wonder people are frightened of Ebola despite the fact that an outbreak has never happened in a developed country . "  What if Ebola just wipes us out ? " one Twitter user asked . Our fears are reflections of an infectious disease narrative fed to the public for years -- by health officials , by the media and through a potent story delivered in books and movies about the "  Bug or Virus That Will Kill Us All , " experts say . The drama of infection , and the horrible death wrought by Ebola , only adds to our morbid attention . "  We 're fascinated by epidemics , " said Philip Alcabes , director of the public health program at the Adelphi University Center for Health Innovation . "  What we see on this side of the ocean is poor people dying , and doctors and health aides in space suits . 9 questions about this new Ebola drug "  It looks like the movies , and we 've been prepped for a cinematic response , " he said -- for the plot to unfold much like it does in a film . "  People perceive this as a very dramatic disease , " said David Quammen , a science writer and the author of "  Spillover : Animal Infections and the Next Human Pandemic . " "  There is almost hysterical fear about Ebola on behalf of distant people in developed countries who think , ` This is going to come and get us . ' " Hysteria tends to take hold , experts say , the moment that health officials label an outbreak of disease an epidemic or pandemic . Priscilla Wald , author of "  Contagious : Cultures , Carriers , and the Outbreak Narrative " and an English professor at Duke University , says those pronouncements are often the beginning of an "  outbreak narrative . " "  A terrifying disease , easily transmitted , spreads from a developing country and threatens to become apocalyptic , " she says , roughly summarizing the plot of movies such as "  Outbreak " and books such as "  The Hot Zone . " "  That story has been told so many times , even when people hear one piece of that story , that one element may invoke the entire narrative , " she says . Conflating movie images with reality , and seeing those same images cycled through newscasts , may explain the roots of our fears about infectious diseases generally , but there is a deeper quality to our consternation about Ebola . "  Ebola has been the disease people around the world love to fear , " says Quammen , adding that the SARS outbreak in 2003 infected thousands more people than the current Ebola outbreak yet caused significantly less worry . "  SARS was n't as dramatic in terms of symptoms , " he said . "  It was n't as vividly gruesome as this disease sometimes is . " An Ebola infection can cause profuse internal bleeding . One online commenter interpreted it as " ... your internal organs rot into a bloody pulp and you 're living through it . " Alcabes says , "  Sometimes we 're morbidly fascinated with diseases that are disfiguring . " Alcabes , author of "  Dread : How Fear and Fantasy Have Fueled Epidemics from the Black Death to Avian Flu , " compares current attitudes about Ebola with how people decades ago feared leprosy , another disease that is not highly contagious . Our anxiety tends to overshadow facts about the disease that could temper our unease , he says . Ebola outbreaks have occurred only sporadically since strains of the virus were first identified in the mid-1970s . The outbreaks have tended to appear , affect a few hundred people and eventually fizzle out .  Considering that history , the current outbreak that 's killed more than 900 people might be cast as an unsettling anomaly . What you need to know about Ebola When an Ebola outbreak is investigated , the source of an infection usually points back to an animal . The virus infects , say , a chimp or gorilla , and a human who has close contact with that animal becomes infected . Coming into contact with , or eating , the types of animals that become infected with Ebola would be a highly unusual scenario in the United States -- as unusual as mass human-to-human infection . Still , ambivalence is not the attitude we should have when it comes to diseases such as Ebola , says Wald , the "  Contagious " author . We should have some level of deference to Ebola 's virulence ; it kills between 60 % to 90 % of the people it infects . At the same time , it must be acknowledged that becoming infected is difficult . "  Should you be scared ? Yes and no , " Wald says . "  You should n't be impervious to the situation . You should experience an appropriate level of concern without allowing it to spiral into unrealistic panic . " Quammen says , "  People  should be scared in a rational way . But to be simply scared that this is the boogeyman that 's going to come and get us is ignorant and wrong . " Ebola is horrible , he adds , "  but it has killed far fewer people than things we think of as mundane diseases like measles , influenza and malaria . " In other words , Quammen says not to buy into the cultural myth , the sort of drama that has suffused the conversation about Ebola . For some , that may be easier said than done . What is the risk of catching Ebola on a plane ? The difficulty with corralling our fears is that at the root of our despair is potentially something basic , even natural . Perhaps Ebola fears are a proxy for heavier questions we may be subconsciously pondering about our collective demise . "  We humans dread death , " Alcabes says in his book . "  It is only natural that the mass mortality brought by great plague makes us afraid . " Quammen , who has written extensively about fears of "  The Big One " -- the virus that could wipe us out -- says that Ebola is not it . In a recent New York Times editorial , he said Ebola is not " ... an incipient pandemic destined to circle the world , as some anxious observers might imagine . It 's a very grim and local misery , visited upon a small group of unfortunate West Africans , toward whom we should bow in sympathy and continue sending help . "  It 's not about our fears and dreads . It 's about them . " Ebola is here : 5 reasons not to panic Experimental drug likely saved Ebola patients Economic ` scare factor ' adds to misery	An infectious disease narrative has been fed to public for years , experts say The horrible death wrought by Ebola adds to our morbid fascination , they say Expert : "  It looks like the movies , and we 've been prepped for a cinematic response "
CNN  On any other Wednesday morning , the steps in front of the Joseph-Koenig-Gymnasium would be packed with kids on their way to class , discussing homework , chattering about last night 's TV shows , or laying out plans for the coming weekend . But not today . Instead , students approached in silence , carrying photographs and flowers . In small groups , the teenagers lined up to lay tributes to their lost classmates before hugging each other wordlessly , or dissolving into tears . At 10:53 a.m. Tuesday morning , this school in the small western German town of Haltern was changed forever by events more than 1,000 km  about 620 miles  away . A Germanwings plane carrying 16 of its pupils and their two teachers home from a school exchange trip to Spain crashed in the French Alps , killing all of those on board . Headmaster Ulrich Wessel said when the first reports of a crash came through he was still hopeful , thinking "  perhaps they had missed the plane , or perhaps there was a second Germanwings flight at the same time . " Instead , the worst was confirmed , leaving him "  stunned and somewhat speechless , " the community devastated and the classmates of the dead struggling to understand their loss . "  A week ago Tuesday we sent 16 happy young people and two young colleagues off on a trip , " Wessel told reporters . "  What was intended as a school exchange ended in tragedy . " Of the 16 teenagers killed , 14 were girls , and two boys ; one of the two female teachers who died was a newlywed . In a post on the school 's website , Wessel and other school representatives announced the names of the dead , "  who will never again return to us , " leaving all those concerned "  unutterably sad . " The teenagers who died were : Linda Bergjurgen , Elena Bless , Lea Druppel , Selina Eils , Gina Michelle Gerdes , Ann-Christin Hahn , Julia Hermann , Marleen Koch , Paula Lutkenhaus , Fabio Rogge , Rabea Scheideler , Lea Schukart , Helena Siebe , Steffen Strang , Aline Venhoff and Caja Westermann . The two teachers were identified as Sonja Cercek and Stefanie Tegethoff . As news of the crash spread , the area at the entrance to the school became a makeshift memorial , filled with red and white candles , notes and swiftly-painted signs . "  Yesterday we were many , today we are alone , " reads one . "  Why ? " demands another , with painful simplicity . Philippa , a friend of many of those who died , told CNN she was shocked by what had happened : "  I knew all of them , they were in my grade . To some I was very close . "  We had already planned things for the future , what we were going to do when they returned from their trip . It is very hard to believed that we can not do that . " Grief counselors , chaplains and psychologists have been brought in to the school to help all of those involved come to terms with the disaster . "  I 've told the students and teachers that we have to accept the sorrow and grieve , " said Wessel . "  I hope we will all get through it , if we share it . " As the world 's media descend on the town , messages of support have come flooding in too . The local newspaper is running an online book of condolence , in which people can leave messages of sympathy and "  light " virtual candles to match the real ones flickering on the steps of the school . "  A silent hug says more than many words , " wrote Manuela Donovang . "  Wishing the families , friends and relatives strength and comfort in the difficult days and months ahead . " In his message , Udo Hentschel said the suffering of the parents , friends and families was "  incomprehensible , unfathomable " and offered them his condolences : "  This , the worst of all fates , will bind us all -- friends and strangers -- closer together . " In an attempt to show that solidarity , schools across the region will share a moment of silence in memory of the dead on Friday at 10:53 a.m. , the time the plane crashed . For the classmates of those who will never return , that silence will go on , as the seats they left empty remain unfilled in the weeks and months to come . "  Our school is no longer what it once was , " said Wessel . "  In Haltern we had 1,283 students . It is horrifying that now we have 16 fewer . "	German town of Haltern in mourning after loss of 16 students and two teachers in plane crash Group was returning from school exchange trip to Spain when aircraft went down in French Alps Headteacher says school is in mourning , classmates struggling to understand what happened
Beijing , China  CNN  -- A small aircraft crashed in northeastern China close to the border with North Korea , killing its pilot and fueling speculation Wednesday about its origin . China 's official Xinhua news agency said in several brief dispatches that the plane , which went down Tuesday afternoon at Lagu Township in Fushun County , "  might be " from North Korea . It confirmed the death of the pilot and the destruction of a residential house on the ground , but added no one else was hurt . Xinhua said that the Chinese government is communicating with Pyongyang about the incident . The crash location in Liaoning province is about 200 kilometers  120 miles  away from a North Korean air base in the border town of Sinuiju , according to South Korea 's Yonhap news agency . An employee at Songgang Iron Ore , a company near the crash site , told CNN there was a large security presence in the area , with armed police officers and special forces agents cordoning off the crash site . Photographs of the wreckage purportedly taken by an eyewitness have been circulating on Chinese websites , showing the North Korean air force emblem on the fuselage beneath the tail . Military enthusiasts online have identified the aircraft as a Russian-built MiG jet but differed on the specific model , with some calling it a MiG-21 fighter and others claiming it to be a MiG-15 trainer Yonhap quoted unnamed sources in South Korea as saying the plane 's pilot may have been trying to defect from North Korea to Russia , losing direction en route and killing himself on impact of the ensuing crash . Chinese commentators have speculated that the plane may have run out of fuel . An official at the Liaoning provincial foreign affairs office declined to comment , while the Chinese foreign ministry in Beijing referred journalists to the Xinhua news report .	The crash site is about 120 miles from a North Korean air base Security has cordoned off the site Plane enthusiasts say it is a fighter jet
CNN  -- More than three weeks of testimony in the genocide trial of former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt were nullified by a judge Thursday on procedural grounds , state-run media reported . The impact of the ruling on the trial -- which was nearing completion -- was not immediately clear . A three-judge Supreme Court panel had pushed forward with the trial of Rios Montt despite unresolved objections to procedures in lower courts . Judge Carol Patricia Flores ruled that because all of the issues at the lower courts had not been settled , the current proceedings are invalid , the state-run AGN news agency reported . The ruling in effect rewinds the legal process against Rios Montt to where it was in November of 2011 , in a pre-trial phase . Guatemala confronts a dark chapter Flores called it a regrettable situation , saying the process had come to this point because the proper procedures were n't followed earlier , according to the Network in Solidarity with the People of Guatemala , which had representatives present in the courtroom . The judge said she was aware that the ruling would not be popular , but that it does not mean that justice will not be done , the group reported . Standing trial alongside Rios Montt is Mauricio Rodriguez Sanchez , who was head of intelligence in the early 1980s . The pair are accused of genocide and crimes against humanity . Prosecutors accuse them of ordering 15 massacres between 1982 and 1983 in the northwestern region of Quiche . More than 1,700 Ixil Mayans were killed in those operations , prosecutors say . Rios Montt ruled Guatemala from 1982 to 1983 . He came to power in a coup and led a military junta while Guatemala was in a bloody civil war between the army and leftist guerrillas . The war did not end until 1996 , leaving more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million as refugees . Prosecutors argued that Rios Montt was aware of the repressive strategies that the military was using against anyone suspected of being a guerrilla , such as killings , forced disappearances and kidnappings . His defense has argued that he never explicitly ordered the killings of the indigenous group .	Efrain Rios Montt ruled Guatemala from 1982 to 1983 He and another defendant are on trial , accused of genocide and crimes against humanity His defense has argued that he never explicitly ordered the killings of an indigenous group A judge has thrown out three weeks of testimony in his trial , citing procedural grounds
EW.com  -- The MTV Movie Awards not only generated some wild headlines thanks to Aubrey Plaza , but it also posted some decent ratings . Aubrey Plaza escorted out of MTV Movie Awards The annual awards fest averaged 3.8 million viewers , and was up 21 percent versus the previous year among the network 's core 12-34 viewers , according to Nielsen . The news was even better in the older demographics : MTV saw a 45 percent increase versus last year among persons 18-34 , and a 44 percent jump among persons 18-49 . Overall , the telecast averaged 4.8 million among all the Viacom-owned nets that aired it  MTV , VH1 , MTV2 and Logo  . Check out the winners for the MTV Movie Awards ! "  The Avengers " was the big winner at the MTV Movie Awards , where it took home three golden popcorn trophies for Best Fight , Best Villain , and Best Movie . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	This year 's MTV Movie Awards averaged 3.8 million viewers It was up 21 percent versus the prior year in the network 's core 12-34 demographic The show also saw a spike in ratings in the 18-34 and 18-49 demos
CNN  -- To explore a site inscribed on UNESCO 's World Heritage List is to see a place of outstanding universal value . And with more natural and cultural wonders added to the prestigious preservation list over the last few days , there are now more than 1,000 sites to visit all over the world . The UNESCO World Heritage Committee has been considering new sites at a meeting in Qatar since June 15 . New World Heritage Sites include the earthen remains of a Louisiana civilization dating back to 3700 B.C. , Myanmar 's Pyu ancient cities  Myanmar 's first-ever site  , and evidence of the end of the age of dinosaurs at the cliffs of Stevns Klint in Denmark . Trading routes that crossed modern borders across South America and Asia were also inscribed on the list . The Qhapac Nan , the Andean road system , runs through Argentina , Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru . A 5,000-kilometer section of the Silk Roads known as the routes network of Chang ` an-Tianshan Corridor crosses through China , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan . In addition to being of "  outstanding universal value , " an inscribed site must also meet at least one of 10 criteria such as "  representing a masterpiece of human creative genius , " containing "  exceptional natural beauty " or being an outstanding example of a traditional human settlement . Other new sites include the Okavango Delta  Botswana  ; the Grotte Chauvet-Pont d'Arc  France  ; Rani-ki-Vav  India  ; Caves of Maresha and Bet Guvrin in the Judean Lowlands  Israel  ; the vineyard landscape of Piedmont : Langhe-Roero and Monferrato  Italy  ; Namhansanseong emergency capital city  South Korea  ; and Saudi Arabia 's historic Jedda , the Gate to Makkah . UNESCO has been gradually adding to the World Heritage List since 1978 . Click on the gallery or go to whc.unesco.org/en/newproperties to learn more about other newly named sites . Sites in danger The West Bank village of Battir , a few miles outside Bethlehem , was named to the World Heritage List , and at the same time , it was added to another UNESCO list for sites in danger . The hills where Battir 's ancient terraces are located date back some 2,000 years to Roman times . Some of the terraces are irrigated for market garden production and others are planted with grapevines and olive trees . The landscape is in danger of being damaged by Israel 's plans to build a barrier through the area . The wall "  may isolate farmers from fields they have cultivated for centuries , " according to a UNESCO press statement . Australia gets time to keep Great Barrier Reef off endangered list In addition to Battir , the committee added two other sites to the List of World Heritage in Danger last week . One is Bolivia 's city of Potosi , which is threatened by mining operations . Tanzania 's Selous Game Reserve was added to the danger list because of widespread poaching that has caused a serious decline in the wildlife populations there , including a 90 % drop in the elephant and rhinoceros populations since 1982 . At the same time , Tanzania 's ruins of Kilwa Kisiwani and ruins of Songo Mnara were removed from the danger list due to improved management and safeguards . Getting on the list Nations sometimes spend years developing their pitches to qualify for the World Heritage List , and they must convince the UNESCO committee that they will protect their sites and support them financially . Explore Yellowstone and 11 more of the first World Heritage Sites The United States does n't have much sway over UNESCO decisions anymore . That 's because the U.S. government withdrew its dues and other financial contributions to UNESCO in 2011 after the agency admitted the Palestinian government as a full member representing a country . After failing to pay its dues for two years , the United States lost UNESCO voting rights in 2013 per the agency 's rules .	UNESCO has named new World Heritage Sites around the world The United States ' newest site is in Louisiana The landscape of the West Bank village of Battir was the first site named this year Botswana , Japan , Netherlands and South America also have new listings
CNN Student News  -- March 21 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Libya • Japan : Disaster-affected Areas • Haiti Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Military action is underway in the skies over Libya , and the U.S. is one of several countries involved . It 's our first story in the week 's first edition of CNN Student News . First Up : Libya Civil War AZUZ : It 's called "  Operation Odyssey Dawn , " and the goal is to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya . The United Nations Security Council voted for that no-fly zone late last week . The coalition responsible for enforcing it is made up of forces from the U.S. , Great Britain and France , among others . After the Security Council 's vote , Libya 's government declared a cease-fire in its fighting with rebel forces . And it invited representatives from other nations to come to Libya to make sure the cease-fire was real . Coalition forces were convinced that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi was not following the rules of the cease-fire . On Saturday , the coalition attacked . You can hear the sounds of gunfire in the capital city of Tripoli . A U.S. commander said missiles landed near the capital and around other cities as part of these attacks . The fighting between Colonel Gadhafi 's forces and rebels raged on in other cities , like Benghazi . Here , you can see a fighter jet that was shot down over Benghazi on Saturday . Admiral Michael Mullen , the chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , said on Sunday that coalition forces had taken out most of Libya 's air defense systems . But Admiral Mullen also said the U.S. role in "  Operation Odyssey Dawn " would be limited , saying "  we 're not going to put any boots on the ground . " Colonel Gadhafi ? He 's harshly criticized the other countries getting involved with the civil war in Libya . He called the coalition forces "  terrorists " and promised a "  long-drawn war . " But Sunday , a spokesman for the Libyan military called for another cease-fire . Soundcheck U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Today , we are both also delivering assistance and support to the Japanese people at their greatest hour of need . The ties that bind our nations to Japan are strong . In the United States , we forged an alliance of more than sixty years . The people of Japan are some of our closest friends , and we will pray with them , and stand with them , and rebuild with them until this crisis has passed . Disaster in Japan AZUZ : We 're starting to see some new effects of the nuclear crisis in Japan that resulted from a tsunami triggered by a 9.0-magnitude earthquake . Yesterday , the government health ministry banned the sale of spinach from the area near the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . Officials made that decision based on radiation levels that were over the government limit . There were already bans on the sale of raw milk and restrictions on produce from the area surrounding the nuclear plant . Workers inside that power plant were starting to see some signs of progress over the weekend in their efforts to cool down these nuclear reactors . But officials say "  even in the best scenario , there will be a lot of bumps ahead . " One they came across Sunday was the possibility that they might need to release radioactive gas into the air . They would do that in order to release some of the pressure that 's building up inside one of the reactors . The tsunami knocked out the plant 's cooling systems , and getting those back online is crucial . Allan Chernoff has a household comparison that helps explain why . ALLAN CHERNOFF , CNN SENIOR CORRESPONDENT , NEW YORK : To get a sense of the challenge confronting the Japanese at the Daiichi nuclear plant , consider this situation in a kitchen : a pot with no water on top of a high flame . Obviously , this dangerous situation could cause a fire in here . Well , stay with me . Those spent nuclear rods can generate tremendous heat , up to 2,100 degrees . Enough to melt them , burn them and send radioactive material into the atmosphere . They have to be kept under water , just like spaghetti when we 're cooking . Now , those rods are normally kept under 30 feet of water , but according to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , in at least one of the pools in Japan , the rods are exposed ; there 's virtually no water or no water at all . So , how do we resolve this situation ? Well , if we do n't take the pot off the flame , we add water . And that is exactly what the Japanese are trying to do right now ; any way they can , even dumping it from helicopters . They are trying desperately to get water into that pool to avoid a nuclear disaster . Allan Chernoff , CNN , New York . AZUZ : There was some good news on Sunday when rescue workers found an 80-year-old woman and her 16-year-old grandson . They 'd been trapped in their home for nine days . The news gave hope to other people whose loved ones are still missing . But as Gary Tuchman explains , the search efforts are not easy . BEGIN VIDEO GARY TUCHMAN , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Kesennuma , Japan . The scene behind me here is one of chaos , confusion ; it is surreal . If you see the video we took , you wo n't believe it . At least , we did n't when we saw it in person . So much debris , so much rubble . It 's impenetrable . It is like a canyon . When we went down there , it 's like climbing a mountain . Cars , boats , houses : pushed out of different neighborhoods , pushed out of different areas and blocking fire officials , military officials . They 're looking for survivors , the possibility of survivors , or trying to find bodies . We met a woman today who told us her father was at the second floor of his house , made the decision to stay in the second floor when the tsunami siren sounded . Well , anyway , at this point , they ca n't get to the house . It appears the house is still there , but there 's so much rubble surrounding the house , there 's no way to check if this man survived . It 's just an absolutely incredible scene . It 's hard to imagine what the people here in northeastern Japan are going through . The death toll is rising rapidly . We know it will continue to rise . We ourselves , just myself and my crew , found a body in the back of a car . This is how they 're finding bodies , the officials . There 's so much rubble down there they ca n't get to . It 's very likely that it will be weeks or months before they come anywhere close to knowing what this death toll is . And the aftershocks continue . Last night , while we were sleeping , we felt at least six or seven sizable aftershocks , and that only increases the anxiety that people feel here in northeastern Japan . This is Gary Tuchman , CNN , in Japan . END VIDEO Impact Your World AZUZ : A lot of you have been asking on our Facebook page about how you can help the victims of this crisis . In the Spotlight section on our homepage , that 's CNNStudentNews.com , click on "  Impact Your World . " You 'll get a list of the organizations helping out with relief efforts and learn how you can be part of them . For more information about what 's going on in Japan or about any of the stories we cover in our show , you can always check out the In-Depth section at CNNStudentNews.com . Haiti Elections AZUZ : Haiti : a nation still struggling to recover from a devastating earthquake that hit it more than a year ago . It 's also trying to resolve a presidential election from last November . None of the candidates got enough votes for an outright victory . Yesterday , Haitians headed to the polls to vote in a runoff election . One candidate is a former law professor and first lady . The other is a Haitian entertainer . There were some problems early on at a couple polling locations : missing ballot boxes , and not enough ink to mark who had voted . But officials said those issues were resolved by later in the morning . The final results of the runoff are scheduled to be released in mid-April . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : A big Gilles-Sweet Shoutout today is dedicated to Mr. Schulenberg 's class in Fairview Park , Ohio ! Which word best describes the moon 's orbit around the Earth ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Circular , B  Helical , C  Elliptical or D  Square ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The moon moves around the Earth in an elliptical orbit . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Super Moon AZUZ : Well , if you looked outside and thought the moon looked bigger and brighter than usual this weekend , it 's because it was ! Because of that elliptical orbit around the Earth , full moons look different . And this full moon this past Saturday was the closest one to Earth in 18 years . It 's called a super perigee moon . Perigee being the point on the moon 's orbit when it 's closest to Earth . The opposite point -- when it 's at its farthest point from Earth -- is called apogee . If you did n't get a chance to see the special event over the weekend , you 're just gon na have to be patient . The next super perigee moon will show up in the year 2029 . Before We Go AZUZ : We had to do some digging to find today 's Before We Go segment . But it 's nothing compared to what these folks are going through ! It 's the 33rd International Intercollegiate Mining Competition . Three days of hauling , pounding , drilling , all to show off a mastery of mining . 33 teams come from colleges all over the world for the annual event . How do you get through three days of intense , physical competition ? Goodbye AZUZ : It 's simply a case of mine over matter . We 're gon na cart ourselves out of here . But CNN Student News returns tomorrow . You know the drill . We 'll see you then . Bye bye !	Get up to speed on a coalition operation involving airstrikes against Libya Understand the challenges of assessing the toll of a disaster in Japan Gaze up at a moon that appears bigger because it is literally closer to Earth Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Seydou Keita wrecked any chance of a Bayern Munich comeback in their Champions League quarterfinal return with a second half equaliser as Barcelona drew 1-1 for an emphatic 5-1 aggregate win . Bayern scorer Franck Ribery embraces Barcelona 's Lionel Messi after Bayern 's European exit . Primera Liga leaders Barcelona arrived in Germany with a comfortable first leg cushion and will now host Chelsea in their semifinal first leg at the Nou Camp on April 28 . No side in the tournament 's history had overturned a four goal deficit and Bayern were always up against it . "  We were much better in the personal duels , things were a bit more normal , and we played the way you need to against such a good team , " said Germany defender Philipp Lahm . "  But unfortunately we have still lost the tie . " And Bayern Munich president Franz Beckenbauer -- who was scathing after the first-leg debacle -- said the Germans had gone some way to redemption . "  I think the team has rehabilitated itself , although Barcelona 's equalising goal was needlessly conceded " , said Beckenbauer . After going close in the first-half , Franck Ribery finally unpicked the Barcelona defense on 47 minutes before Keita equalised for the Spanish with less than 20 minutes left . No Spanish side has ever won the treble of league , Kings Cup and Champions League , but Barcelona are on course to take all three titles as coach Josep Guardiola hopes to lead the Spaniards to a third European title after 1992 and 2006 . France striker Thierry Henry succumbed to a high temperature for Barca , while Bayern 's Germany strikers Lukas Podolski and Miroslav Klose were ruled out with calf and ankle injuries respectively . That left Italian World Cup winner Luca Toni as the lone forward with Ribery playing just behind him . Bayern coach Jurgen Klinsmann was booed by his own fans before kick-off , but this result on the back of the weekend 's 4-0 win over Frankfurt in the German league will have taken some of the pressure off the ex-Germany coach .	Seydou Keita wrecks Bayern Munich comeback bid as Barcelona progress Barcelona led Champions League tie 4-0 from first leg and won 5-1 on agg Spanish giants now face Chelsea at Nou Camp in semifinal first leg clash
CNN  -- Scientists say they "  serendipitously " discovered that a drug used to treat a type of cancer quickly reversed Alzheimer 's disease in mice . "  It 's really exciting , " said Maria Carrillo , senior director for medical and scientific relations for the Alzheimer 's Association . "  They saw very positive and robust behavior effects in the mice . " In the study , researchers at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine gave mice mega-doses of bexarotene , a drug used to treat a type of skin cancer called cutaneous T-cell lymphoma . Within 72 hours , the mice showed dramatic improvements in memory and more than 50 % of amyloid plaque -- a hallmark of Alzheimer 's disease -- had been removed from the brain . The study was published Thursday in the journal Science . Gary Landreth , the lead researcher at Case Western , cautioned that even though his results were impressive in mice , it may turn out not to work in people . "  I want to say as loudly and clearly as possible that this was a study in mice , not in humans , " he said . "  We 've fixed Alzheimer 's in mice lots of times , so we need to move forward expeditiously but cautiously . " Mice -- and humans -- with Alzheimer 's have high levels of a substance called amyloid beta in their brain . Pathology tests on the mice showed bexarotene lowered the levels of amyloid beta and raised the levels of apolipoprotein E , which helps keep amyloid beta levels low . Landreth said he hopes to try the drug out in healthy humans within two months , to see if it has the same effect . Those participating in the trial would be given the standard dose that cancer patients are usually given . Researchers tested the memories of mice with Alzheimer 's both before and after giving them bexarotene . For example , the Alzheimer 's mice walked right into a cage where they 'd previously been given a painful electrical shock , but after treatment with bexarotene , the mice remembered the shock and refused to enter the cage . In another test , the scientists put tissue paper in a cage . Normal mice instinctively use tissues in their cage to make a nest , but mice with Alzheimer 's ca n't figure out what to do with the tissues . After treatment with the drug , the Alzheimer 's mice made a nest with the paper . Carrillo said one of the major advantages of bexarotene is that it 's already been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use in humans , which means the researchers can move into human trials sooner than if it were a completely new drug . The Alzheimer 's Association is funding Case Western 's next phase of research , which will involve using bexarotene at the levels used on cancer patients , Landreth said . Since the drug does have some side effects -- it can increase cholesterol , for example -- he hopes to use it in even lower levels as the study goes on . Landreth said his lab had been working on other drugs for Alzheimer 's for 10 years when a graduate student , Paige Cramer , decided to try bexarotene , which works on a receptor involved in amyloid beta clearance . Some other drugs that worked in mice were too toxic to use in humans . "  We 're really lucky that bexarotene is a great drug with an acceptable safety profile , " he said . "  This does n't happen very many times in life ' " CNN 's William Hudson contributed to this report .	"  They saw very positive and robust ... effects in the mice , " an Alzheimer 's official says Researchers found improvements in mice 's memories after they got the drug The lead researcher cautions that not all good results in mice are seen in humans
North Korea issued a statement on its official state news agency on Saturday denouncing Sony Pictures Entertainment 's release of the movie "  The Interview . " It called President Barack Obama the "  chief culprit " who forced the production company to "  indiscriminately distribute " the picture . The statement attributed to the National Defense Commission also denounced the United States for blaming North Korea for a hacking attack on the moviemaker earlier this month . "  If the U.S. is to persistently insist that the hacking attack was made by the DPRK , the U.S. should produce evidence without fail , though belatedly , " the statement publish by KCNA said . In the screwball comedy , a tabloid journalist , who is granted an interview with the communist dictatorship 's leader , is asked to assassinate him . But when he arrives , a fictional version of dictator Kim Jong Un , played by actor Randall Park , charms him . In the end , the journalist confronts the fictional Kim over abuses in the country , and kills the leader , when the two do battle . Sony Pictures IT systems were hacked by a group calling itself "  Guardians of Peace " or GoP , which complained about the pending release of the movie . The FBI has blamed North Korea for that cyberattack . Threats were also issued that there would be 9/11 style attacks on theaters that showed the film . The movie was not released as scheduled , and Sony Pictures later said film distributors had decided not to show the movie for security reasons . President Obama expressed disappointment over the move , saying free speech had not been upheld . Sony then arranged for direct distribution online via its own services , YouTube and through independent cinemas .	A statement called President Obama the "  chief culprit " who forced distribution of the picture North Korea 's defense commission denounced the U.S. for blaming a hack on the country In the screwball comedy , a tabloid journalist is asked to assassinate Kim Jong-un In the end , the leader dies doing battle with the journalist
CNN  -- Russian President Vladmir Putin says everyone will be welcomed to next year 's Winter Olympics in Russia , regardless of sexual orientation -- comments that come on the heels of a controversial Russian law on homosexuality . Putin made his latest assurances on the matter on Monday as he welcomed International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach and other sports officials to his summer residence in Sochi -- the Black Sea resort town where the Games will happen in February -- state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported . "  We are doing everything , both the organizers and our athletes and fans , so that participants and guests feel comfortable in Sochi , regardless of nationality , race or sexual orientation , " Putin said , according to RIA Novosti . Putin in June signed a law that prohibits in Russia the distribution of information to minors that promotes same-sex relationships . The legislation gives authorities the power to impose fines as well as detain and deport foreigners who are deemed to have breached the law . The law sparked global outrage and a wave of protests demanding a boycott of the Games . In September , pop singer Cher said she had refused an invitation to perform because of the legislation . Putin also said in an interview on state television in September that gay people would not be discriminated against at the Sochi Games . But that appeared at odds with statements made by government officials that the anti-gay propaganda law would be enforced . The IOC in August said it received assurances "  from the highest level of government in Russia " that the law would not affect people attending or taking part in the Games . The next month , the IOC said the law did not violate the Olympic Charter In August , U.S. President Barack Obama rejected calls for his country to boycott the Games , saying such a move would hurt American athletes who trained and sacrificed to qualify . CNNMoney 's Virginia Harrison contributed to this report .	Putin : We 're doing "  everything " to ensure all feel comfortable in Sochi Controversial law prompted calls for boycott of February 's Winter Games Law prohibits distribution of info to minors that promotes same-sex relationships
CNN  -- Public transport in the Belgian capital , Brussels , was paralyzed for a fourth day Tuesday after staff walked out to protest the death of a co-worker in an assault . Guy Sablon , a spokesman for the company that runs the Brussels public transport network , STIB , told CNN there are no buses , trams or trains operating in the city . The workers have demanded new security measures to keep staff safe . The city 's transport network was shut down Saturday after a traffic accident involving a car and a bus led to a fatal assault . Sablon told CNN that a friend of the car driver had punched an STIB supervisor who was taking pictures of the accident scene . When the man saw the supervisor taking the photographs , "  he completely lost it , " Sablon said . "  He then punched him in the face , and unfortunately this punch killed the supervisor . " Sablon said the attack was not an isolated incident . "  Every day , our staff suffer aggressive abuse from clients , so they have unfortunately gotten used to aggressive situations , " Sablon said . "  Therefore , we have endorsed this strike and demanded measures from the government . " Both the Belgian government and the STIB announced new measures Monday evening . STIB announced that it will recruit 50 new security officers , on top of the 190 officers it already has . As a short-term response , it will also move some of its staff from duties such as checking tickets to security roles . The government also announced that it would hire 400 new police officers , dedicated to working on the public transport network . "  Now the unions have to explain these measures to their members . We had hoped that they would be back at work this morning , but they were not ready to return to work . So we will see how long the strike will last , " Sablon said . "  These are very good measures , and they will have a big impact . It will just take some time to implement them , " he added . Brussels is home to NATO , the European Commission and European Council , as well as many other international organizations .	A transport company supervisor died after he was punched by a member of the public Striking transport workers want authorities to give them more protection Their company and the Belgian government say they will recruit new security staff Brussels is home to NATO , the European Commission and many other international groups
Last November , avid biker Leon Shaner found himself pushing harder than usual to keep up with a new friend . The two were locked in a fierce month-long competition to bike at least 1,000 miles . They rode at the same time , trading small talk and stats after each ride , and urged each other on . Shaner said that because of the close competition , he doubled the number of miles he would normally have biked in a month . The biking , sweat and pain were all real . But the race itself was virtual . The conversations were on Twitter , the rides tracked by an iPhone app . The friend , someone Shaner had never met , lives halfway around the world in Japan . Welcome to the new world of fitness-tracking technology . The tech has taken off over the past few years , led by small wearable pedometers like the FitBit and Nike Fuel Band , and apps that use the GPS and accelerometers in smartphones , like RunKeeper and Endomondo . On their own , these tools can be helpful for anyone trying to get into shape . They collect all manner of data , tracking workouts so people can set goals and self-monitor their progress along the way . That 's an important factor in changing any behavior , according to sports psychologists . But newer social features are turning the gadgets into even more powerful motivation tools . People are connecting with friends on the apps and embracing official and unofficial ways of swapping encouraging messages and trash talk , comparing workout stats , and using peer pressure and the need for approval to push each other to work out more and meet their goals . People who have friends on RunKeeper , even just one , are two to three times more active than people who use the app solo , according to CEO Jason Jacobs . FitBit says its users who use the social features on FitBit also tend to be more active . Working out for approval What is it about friends that makes us work out a little harder ? When deciding how to add social features , many of the app and device makers were influenced by the research of Stanford professor BJ Fogg , who studies behavioral motivation . Fogg said social features on fitness devices play three roles : They motivate people ; the various interactions act as triggers for action ; and sharing information and tips can increase ability . Almost all fitness tracking tools now let you share your workout through the apps or on social media sites so people can see that you just finished a workout . Some even let them track you during the workout or , for example , a big race . You 've probably noticed some of these in your Twitter or Facebook feed . They might seem like a brag at first  even if they did trigger you to do some cardio  . But publicly sharing workouts has real benefits , especially for people who are just getting into shape and are trying to stick to new behaviors . "  People tend to continue exercise if they feel it 's approved by other people who are meaningful to them , " said sports psychologist Jen Gapin . Even light positive feedback can be a motivator , such as a simple "  Like " on Facebook , "  Cheer " on FitBit or a "  Healthy " vote on RunKeeper , which is the app 's equivalent of a like . The RunKeeper app has a leaderboard that lets you compare your activity levels over the past month to your friends who also use the app . If one of your less motivated friends has been inactive for over 30 days , a shaming couch icon appears to the left of their name and a megaphone button to the right . The megaphone lets you send a message to your less-active friend telling them to go for a walk , run or bike ride -- but you can only bully them once ever seven days . FitBit also has a leaderboard but does n't currently allow messaging through the mobile apps , though you can tweet out your progress . On the FitBit website , friends can communicate with short messages or send each other a "  Cheer " or "  Taunt . " "  They tend to send more cheers than they do taunts , so it does tilt towards positive encouragement , " said Nichiketa Choudary a senior product manager at FitBit . "  At the same time we have some very interesting trash talk , more so on the playful side . " ` There 's no gunshot start ' Built-in social features are still in their infancy for many trackers , but the people using them are finding creative ways to communicate with friends . Knowing that people are rooting for him keeps Dan Gillis running . He 'll post details about a run on Facebook and Twitter . And he 'll share it live as on the RunKeeper app , where his friends can see stats like a map of the route he ran and his pace . He pops in his headphones and turns on the accessibility option in his iPhone so that any supportive texts and tweets he gets are read aloud while he 's running . Caleb Canal posts screenshots of graphs showing his cycling , running and walking activities to Instagram , as well as photos from workouts . Sharing small victories and receiving virtual pats on the back on social networks was especially welcome when Canal first started doing training runs for a marathon in 2010 -- losing 60 pounds in the process . "  Without a social fitness-tracking website like RunKeeper , no one would usually take notice of that run , " he said . "  There 's no gunshot start , no water stops , no cheering crowds , and no finish line , unless it 's your own driveway . " Amara Poolswasdi sometimes checks encouraging messages on her phone while she 's doing long-distance running , which she says keep her motivated -- "  especially when things get rough . " She started running as a challenge to herself to get in shape for a 5k and , nine months later , she completed her first marathon . She tracked her running stats and posted them to her public blog as well as social media . People using mobile apps that do n't have options for messaging , like FitBit , will take screenshots of their leaderboard and share with the friends they 're competing with on Twitter or over text message . In many of these cases it 's for bragging rights and a bit of light smack talk . "  Support in the form of a challenge always motivates me more than a typical ` Good Job ' or ` You Killed that Ride , ' " said cyclist Steve Ford , who recently completed his first triathlon . Not just about motivation Even when they 're trading insults , friends can provide valuable information on how to improve techniques and workouts . People who live in the same area can see the best biking or jogging routes suggested by other people . Fitness tracking tools that let you connect with strangers are a good way to pair up with people who are at a similar fitness level . "  One way that people gain self-confidence is when they see other people of similar ability doing things , " said Gapin . "  It helps people improve adherence to exercise . " In addition to messaging and Twitter , many people on these networks are trading tips and giving each other guidance on message boards . "  Change is n't just about motivation , " said Fogg . "  As important is helping people learn ` how to ' and increasing their ability . "	People who connect with friends on fitness tracking tools tend to be more active Tightly knit , supportive communities have popped up for apps like RunKeeper and tools like FitBit Connections help remind people to work out and keep them motivated
CNN  "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " actor and comedian Taylor Negron has died after a long battle with cancer . He was 57 . Cousin Chuck Negron , the former lead singer for 1970s band Three Dog Night , announced his death . "  I want to inform you that my cousin Taylor Negron just passed away , " he said in a YouTube video posted Saturday . "  His mother , his brother , Alex , and my brother , Rene , and his wife ... were all there with him . May he rest in peace . " If you 're having trouble placing Negron , think back to the iconic pizza delivery scene in 1982 's "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High . " He was the guy who interrupted Mr. Hand 's class to drop off a pizza for Jeff Spicoli , played by a young Sean Penn. . While seldom playing any big roles over the years , Negron kept busy in Hollywood . IMDb.com lists 130 acting credits . He played the bad guy in "  The Last Boy Scout , " with Bruce Willis and Damon Wayans . He also had parts in a host of TV shows , including "  Friends , " "  Wizards of Waverly Place , " "  Seinfeld , " and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm . " People we 've lost in 2015 Negron was also popular as a stand-up comic and was eulogized by some of the biggest names in the business on Twitter .	Taylor Negron has a long list of acting credits , although few in big roles He was also popular as a stand-up comic
Vero Beach , Florida  CNN  -- Enough with the texting , a Florida judge told Kaitlyn Hunt after hearing testimony about thousands of text messages -- some of them explicit -- the Florida teenager reportedly sent to her underage girlfriend after being ordered not to while awaiting trial on charges of having sex with the girl . Judge Robert Pegg sent Hunt , 19 , to jail Tuesday , ordering her held on bond pending trial . She 'll also be limited to communicating with her lawyers , guards , fellow inmates and perhaps a few choice visitors . Hunt was 18 when she was charged with two felony counts of lewd and lascivious battery after allegedly having sexual relations with the girl , who was 14 . Pegg made his ruling after an Indian River Sheriff 's Office detective testified about the contents of an iPod that Hunt had given the younger girl -- including more than 20,000 text messages , "  explicit " videos and nude pictures -- despite a court order that the two not communicate , electronically or otherwise . "  It 's overwhelming that Ms. Hunt has chosen to violate the conditions of her bond deliberately and willfully on several occasions , " Pegg said in explaining his decision . In addition to the extensive exchange of messages since March -- which began days after the no-contact order was issued -- Detective Jeremy Shepherd further testified that he 'd learned the two had secretively met as recently as a few weeks ago . Under cross-examination , Shepherd noted that in some cases , the younger girl initiated contact , though he emphasized that Hunt had given her the iPod on which they illicitly communicated . And the detective added , the younger teenager "  has not told me the full truth in a couple of my interviews . " After Shepherd left the stand , Hunt 's lawyer , Julia Graves , did not dispute that there "  has been some contact with the victim " and her client . "  We 're not going to contest all the evidence , " Graves said Tuesday in court . "  But what we would ask for is that the defendant  be able to be  bonded out , to be placed on house arrest without any electronic communication of any kind . ... We think that would keep the judicial process safe . " The judge , though , thought differently . "  She simply ca n't be trusted to abide by the court order , " Pegg said of Hunt . The court hearing Tuesday was graphic and , for Hunt , emotional . She held a tissue in her handcuffed hands that she repeatedly used to wipe tears from her eyes . The proceeding marked the latest turn in a story that first captured the nation 's attention months ago . In a written statement Wednesday , Graves slammed the prosecutors for disclosing sordid detail . Hunt 's family says the relationship was consensual , with their lawyer claiming authorities would n't have gone after her if it had involved a male and a female instead of two teenage girls . In Florida , a person under the age of 16 is not legally able to consent to sex . Hunt 's parents went public with their story after their daughter was charged . They essentially accused the alleged victim 's family of going after their daughter because she is gay , while Hunt spoke out about her fears of paying for a relationship that she did n't think was wrong . "  I 'm scared of losing my life , the rest of my life , " she said earlier this year , "  not being able to go to college or be around kids , be around my sisters and my family . " The younger girl 's family , though , said that was n't true and insisted that they were only trying to protect their own daughter . "  We had no other alternative but to turn to the law , use it basically as a last resort , " the victim 's father , Jim Smith , had previously told CNN affiliate WPEC . Sheriff : Teen sex case is about age , not gay rights This debate has been playing out publicly since Hunt was charged , during which time prosecutors offered her at least two plea deals . The most recent one -- offered in July , according to Bruce Colton , the state attorney for Florida 's 19th judicial circuit -- would have led to Hunt being subject to a curfew and having to do community service , but avoiding jail time and not having to register as a sex offender . But Hunt 's defense team did n't accept either plea deal . Then , on August 6 , the victim 's father alerted authorities to the iPod and its contents , Shepherd said . He interviewed the underage girl the next day , when she told him she 'd given Hunt her locker combination and found the iPod in her locker on the last day Hunt was in their school . This type of iPod allows people to exchange text messages and other media . On some of those texts , Hunt indicated that she understood that such communications violated the court order . "  No matter what , if they find out that we talked , I 'm going to jail until the trial starts , " she wrote , according to Shepherd . Pictures on the iPod showed the young couple together and a nude Hunt . There was also video of a naked Hunt touching herself in a sexual manner , the detective testified . Authorities determined these images originated at Hunt 's home in the weeks and months after the no-contact order had been issued , said Shepherd . Graves , in her Wednesday statement , upbraided prosecutors for using frank and graphic detail in a court filing . "  What happened to a  statements  like ` numerous texts and inappropriate language ' without details ? " she wrote . With the school year starting , she said , "  I can only imagine the chatter at the school . " In the end , Graves wrote , two teen students were "  involved in a consensual relationship . " "  Yes one that under the current law is a crime , but still consensual . It was brought to an abrupt end and the older ` adult ' teen faces up to 30 years in prison . " She said the younger girl "  can not comprehend the seriousness of the matter because it was something she consented to . " "  Her opinion is ignored by the State , " Graves said . The girl has been "  interrogated by the Sheriff 's Department , taken to a church that labels being gay a sin , has the Bible thrown at her , all of her things in her room boxed up and taken from her , is apparently hit by her parents , and clearly yelled at for lying by her father in the presence of Detective Shepherd at the school in a subsequent interview . " Under the circumstances , she 's been confused , scared , and feels no one is listening to her , Graves said . "  She already tried to speak to Kaitlyn 's mother Kelley who shut her down . So she turns to the only person who could  possibly  understand in her eyes and a person she clearly does not want to see hurt and that is Kaitlyn . She wants to try to save her and in doing so she just causes the walls to continue to tumble down . " Hunt , who turned 19 last week , was booked into detention Monday night after her bail bond company declined to secure her $ 5,000 bond any longer and picked her up . Her family has not commented on the latest developments in the case . The original charges against Hunt carry a maximum of 15 years in prison upon conviction . Based on the newly revealed evidence , prosecutors filed a new charge against Hunt for "  transmission of material harmful to minor by electronic equipment . " CNN 's Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	NEW : Kaitlyn Hunt 's lawyer upbraids the prosecutors for disclosing graphic detail Her lawyer argued for house arrest , pointed out victim has lied to authorities Kaitlyn Hunt was 18 and the girl was 14 when the girl 's parents went to authorities Authorities say she exchanged over 20,000 texts with girl , in violation of court order
CNN  -- Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo could be forgiven for feeling a sense of deja vu after he was pitted against chief rival Lionel Messi of Barcelona in the race for football 's prestigious Ballon d'Or . The pair will go up against Messi 's Spanish teammate Andres Iniesta after the original shortlist was whittled down from 23 to three . The trophy will be presented in Zurich on January 7 following votes from journalists , national team captains and coaches . Magic Messi moves in on record Messi , the darling of the football world , has won the top accolade on the previous three occasions and could become the first man to win the prize four times . While Real Madrid star Ronaldo amassed an astonishing 46 goals in La Liga last year , Messi scaled unprecedented heights by finishing with 50 goals in the league alone . The 25-year-old is now chasing Gerd Muller 's all-time record of 85 goals in a calendar year , which the former Bayern Munich and Germany striker set back in 1972 . Messi needs just four more strikes to surpass Muller 's record and rewrite yet another chapter of European football . Cristiano Ronaldo and Daniel Craig - A right to privacy ? But Portugal 's Ronaldo , who won the prize in 2008 , enjoyed an outstanding year , firing Real to the La Liga title under new manager Jose Mourinho . Iniesta , 28 , has wowed fans with his mesmerizing skills while playing alongside the talented Xavi for both Barcelona and Spain . The diminutive midfielder , who has won two European Championship Finals and a World Cup , is one of the most pleasing to watch in the game . Like Messi , he has also won five La Liga titles as well as three Champions League successes . Ronaldo admits perceived arrogance has cost him Both Iniesta and Ronaldo will start as underdogs in the final voting process , which also has a category for Coach of the Year . Spain 's national manager , Vicente Del Bosque , is one of the final three candidates after leading his country to victory at Euro 2012 . Former Barcelona coach Pep Guardiola is also nominated , while Real Madrid 's Mourinho , who steered his side to the La Liga title last season , completes the list . Best player - men : Lionel Messi  Barcelona/Argentina  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Real Madrid/Portugal  , Andres Iniesta  Barcelona/Spain Best player - women : Marta  Brazil  , Aby Wambach , Alex Morgan  both United States of America Best men 's coach : Vicente del Bosque  Spain  , Pep Guardiola  ex-Barcelona  , Jose Mourinho  Real Madrid Best women 's coach : Bruno Bini  France  , Norio Sasaki  Japan  , Pia Sundhage  Sweden Most beautiful goal of the year : Radamel Falcao  Atletico Madrid/Colombia  , Miroslav Stoch  Fenerbahce/Slovakia  , Neymar  Brazil/Santos	Lionel Messi , Cristiano Ronaldo and Andres Iniesta up for the 2012 Ballon d'Or Barcelona star Messi aiming for a fourth straight success Real Madrid 's Ronaldo last won the prize back in 2008 Del Bosque , Guardiola and Mourinho up for top coach
BARCELONA , Spain  CNN  -- We traveled by metro to the Barcelona suburb of Santa Coloma de Gramenet , where the phrase over my dead body takes on a new meaning ; it 's the first town in Spain that has placed solar panels in its municipal cemetery and has been attracting global attention and causing local discussion . Santa Coloma de Gramenet cemetery : Where many rest in peace , some see renewable energy . We could quickly see why the town officials said there was not enough land to put the solar panels on the ground . The town is densely packed with tall apartment buildings for its population of 124,000 people , many of whom commute to work in nearby central Barcelona . From Santa Coloma 's city hall plaza , we took a taxi to the cemetery situated on the town outskirts , and the driver provided the first indication that not everyone approves of solar panels in a final resting place . "  In Spanish culture there 's a lot of respect for the dead . I do n't think people will like this idea , " said taxi driver Juan Nogales , whose grandmother and uncle are buried in the cemetery . He said he did n't even know about the cemetery solar panels , even though town officials had told us earlier that there had been a broad public information campaign to inform residents and solicit their opinions before the solar panels were even installed . The cemetery provided further evidence of the land crunch in town . Few people are actually buried in the ground here . Instead , like in the apartment buildings , the deceased are stacked up in tall mausoleums , rising to five levels . Many Spanish towns have similar cemeteries And where were the solar panels ? It 's true that the solar panels are not easily visible from the ground in many parts of the cemetery , but from up the hill and looking down the photovoltaic panels become readily apparent . Perched atop the mausoleums is a veritable sea of solar panels , connected by cables that channel the electricity into a small transformer station at the top of cemetery hill , which connects to tall electrical towers nearby . We stopped at the tomb of Teresa Grinon , who died in 1985 and rests in the top row of a mausoleum . There are four other tombs directly below her , but directly above her is a large solar panel . Esteve Serret 's family firm is in the cemetery management business . It has the contract to manage the Santa Coloma cemetery -- among others in Spain -- and the idea for the solar panels came from the firm . Serret , a cheerful man who speaks Spanish , English and Catalan said the aim was to put the solar panels discreetly in the cemetery . "  We think it 's important for the cemetery to generate this clean energy , but it 's so important to respect the use , the normal use , of the cemetery , " Serret said . The cemetery florist , Francisca Hans , whose father and grandfather are buried here , perhaps had a bit of graveyard humor as she told us , with a smile . "  Nothing 's going to happen to the dead once they 're here if there are solar panels up above . " We also talked to Natividad Jimenez , a housewife who has two brothers buried in the cemetery . She approves of the solar panels , and said that 's partly because another brother installs solar panels in Valencia . Santa Coloma 's environment councilor , Begona Bellette , told us about the city 's other solar initiatives , on the roofs of schools -- one of which we visited -- and at the library . The town proudly says the United Nations has recognized it in the fight against global warming . But the cemetery has many advantages over the other locations in town for solar panels , Bellette said . "  You have a large surface , with no chance of shadows on it that would reduce the energy production , " Bellette said . The cemetery currently provides enough electricity to power 60 homes , Serret said . There are more solar panels planned for the cemetery , and Serret said a dozen other cities in Spain and Mexico have expressed interest in following their lead and are considering installing solar panels in their own cemeteries . Where many rest in peace , some see a renewable opportunity .	Solar cemetery in town just outside Barcelona the first of its kind in Spain Panels fixed on top of five-storey mausoleum , power 60 homes Relatives of deceased generally have no objections to solar installation
CNN  -- Mark Cavendish is a formidable sprint cyclist . Dubbed "  the fastest man on two wheels , " the British rider became the UCI Road Race World Champion in 2011 and has won a total of 25 Tour de France stages , including the Champs-Elysee stage four years in a row . CNN caught up with him to discover what it takes to be one of the world 's best sprinters . In his own words : Be competitive . Like , really competitive "  Since I was a little kid , I was competitive with everything . It was n't good enough just to be the best that I could be -- I had to be the best of everybody , whether it was a spelling test at school , or it was in P.E.  physical education  or a social club . " Embrace your differences "  I 'm different from a lot of bike riders , but that makes me good , because there 's something different about the way I race and there is something different about my results . It 's just that I 'm so much smaller , and so much more aerodynamic and much more efficient . My legs can go at maybe 15 revs per minute quicker than the other guys , who are big and have more muscle ; for them , it 's like winding up a toy and letting it go and gaining speed whereas ... I am small and aerodynamic and can get to my top speed quicker and hold it there . Watch this : Pinarello bikes built for glory Train your brain "  I train my brain as much as I train my muscles . I am constantly on my iPad doing logic games , like Sudoku . It trains the part of your brain that helps you make decisions and look at the whole picture . " Trust your team "  In the chaos that is going on in a bunch sprint , the biggest drainer of energy comes from mental stress , and just having to concentrate and make decisions . For me , it 's about keeping up my reserves until that final few hundred meters , so if there is someone there doing those things for me it really helps me store my energy . " Have a photographic memory "  I can do one lap of a circuit and know where all the potholes are . I know how sharp to do a corner and how fast to go around it . I can analyze so much more of what is going on around than I think a lot of my rivals can ; I can analyze the people around me and where they are and really take it in and absorb it quick . I do n't know why I do it , or how , I just know that I can . " Be inspired by nay-sayers "  When I was growing up , there was a lot to prove , and I had a lot of people pushing back . I get an extra drive off someone saying I ca n't do something , you know ? I do enjoy proving people wrong . It 's not the same anymore . I believe I am amongst the greatest sprinters in the history of cycling , so there is not much more to prove there . " Daisy Carrington contributed to this report .	Mark Cavendish is a record-breaking road race cyclist The British sprinter says he always had to win at everything , even as a kid Cavendish also trains his brain regularly with Sudoku puzzles A photographic memory helps him remember "  every pothole " in each circuit
CNN  -- FIFA president Sepp Blatter believes Spain 's La Liga is the best football league in the world , and claims that England 's top division can learn from it . In an exclusive interview with CNN 's World Sport , Blatter pointed to the eight Spain-based players in the 2010 FIFA World XI and Spain 's World Cup success as justification . "  Looking at the World XI  it must be the strongest league in the world , " he said . "  And when you see the starting XI of the Spanish national team  who won the World Cup  , all of them play their football in Spain . The Spanish league also has the highest number of local players . " Why were EPL players snubbed in all-star team ? Blatter told World Sport 's Pedro Pinto the lack of England-based players in the FIFA World XI undermined the quality of the country 's Premier League . "  The Premier League is the best-marketed league in the world , " he said . "  It 's a good league , with good players , but when you consider not one player made the best XI of the world , maybe they should think about whether something can be adapted . " The FIFA World XI featured six players from Barcelona and two from Real Madrid , with the other three from Italian Serie A champions Inter Milan . Among their number was the 2010 Ballon d'Or winner Lionel Messi , the 23-year-old midfielder who beat his Barcelona teammates Xavi and Andres Iniesta to be named the world 's best player for the second year in a row . "  Leo Messi is what I identify as a wonderful football player and a good boy . He is really humble . It 's not a game he 's playing , he 's not an actor , " Blatter said . Have your say on Blatter 's decisions Blatter said Messi needed to win a World Cup before he could be compared to fellow Argentine Diego Maradona , captain of the 1986 champion side . "  When I compare Messi to Maradona , both are excellent , talented players . They could not be more talented . But the difference is their personal educational characteristics , " Blatter said . "  One is still in football , modest and not trying to get into the extravaganza . The other did it . "	FIFA president Sepp Blatter believes Spanish La Liga is best in the world Eight of the players in the FIFA 2010 World XI play for Barcelona or Real Madrid Lionel Messi awarded Ballon d'Or ahead of Barcelona teammates Xavi and Iniesta Blatter hails Messi as a wonderful footballer who is humble and a "  good boy "
CNN  -- President Hugo Chavez on Thursday ordered the nationalization of the Banco de Venezuela "  to put it at the service of Venezuela " after denying approval for its sale . President Hugo Chavez of Venezuela says the banks owners are n't interested in selling but he 's buying anyway . The leftist president said in a televised address to the nation that he heard "  a few months ago " that the bank 's Spanish owner -- Grupo de Santander -- was planning to sell the bank , which was privatized a few years ago , to a Venezuelan banker . The banker had asked the Venezuelan government for permission needed to complete the deal , Chavez said . "  I sent a message to the Spaniards : No . And to the Venezuelan banker : No , " Chavez said . "  Now the government wants to buy the bank , wants to recover it , because it 's called the Bank of Venezuela , to put it at the service of Venezuela . " Chavez said he was told Wednesday that the owners now were no longer interested in selling . "  So now I am telling them I am interested in buying . We are going to nationalize the Banco de Venezuela . " In a written statement issued Friday , Banco de Santander said it had planned to sell the bank to a Venezuelan private investors group , but "  found afterward that the Venezuelan government was interested in -LSB- acquiring -RSB- Banco de Venezuela , and conversations are under way to that effect . "	Banco de Venezuela 's Spanish owner asked for permission to sell , Chavez says Chavez refused prospective buyer and seller 's request for sale Bank now will be "  at the service of Venezuela , " Chavez says
Health.com  -- Your idea of a good time after a bad day is a scoop of dulce de leche ice cream piled high atop a fudge brownie . You are n't eating it because you 're hungry , and you certainly are n't trying to get your recommended daily allowance of calcium . Nope , you 're digging in because each creamy mouthful makes you feel inexplicably happy . Is that really so bad ? Surprisingly , emotional eating does n't have to be a problem , says Michelle May , M.D. , author of "  Eat What You Love , Love What You Eat . " "  Trying to talk yourself out of getting a mood boost from food only sets you up for a bigger overeating problem -- like bingeing , " she says . You can comfort yourself with food and stay thin with these simple ground rules . Health.com : 25 diet-busting foods you should never eat Why we snack our way happy "  We 're hardwired to eat for emotional reasons , " May says . "  From the moment you 're born and your mother holds you close to feed you , there 's an emotional connection between being fed and being loved . That 's why it 's counterproductive to say to people , ` Just do n't do it . ' " The treats we crave most are packed with powerful natural chemicals that bring on pleasure . Chocolate , for example , contains serotonin and another happy-making neurotransmitter , anandamide . And once that double-fudge brownie makes its way to your stomach , your body responds with a rush of endorphins , giving you a kind of snacker 's high . Health.com : How to make chocolate a healthy indulgence Tip 1 : Emo-eat only what you love Before you crack open the Ben & Jerry 's , though , do what May calls the "  Four-Really Test " : Ask yourself if you really , really , really , really want it . "  That will help keep you from grabbing whatever is in front of you , " she says . "  Reach for something you do n't really want , and you 're likely to eat more of it because it is n't satisfying . " That 's the danger of answering a craving with a lighter version of what you want or with something else altogether . Not only does it defeat the purpose of giving yourself a gooey treat -- with the bonus of taking you back to a happy time in a way that only food can -- but it sets you up for a pig-out . "  If I 'm not hungry , but I need a little pleasure in my life , is n't it ridiculous to eat a rice cake ? " May asks . "  Not only do I not need that fuel , but it 's not even going to give me the pleasure . " At all . Health.com : Boost your mood with these foods Tip 2 : Make it blow your mind Step away from that laptop , TV , or iPad , so you can focus fully on the treat you want to eat . Here 's why : If you do n't take a moment to enjoy everything about it , "  then the real reason you 're eating it wo n't be served , " May explains , and you 'll be more likely to give in to other high-calorie foods -- not to mention more of them . Tip 3 : Do n't eat it on an empty stomach Even if what you 're dying for is a slice of carrot cake , play the part of your mother and tell yourself , Not till you 've finished your dinner . "  If you 've had a good meal with protein , vegetables , and a healthy fat , your dessert has a better chance of being emotionally satisfying , " says Julia Ross , director of the Recovery System Clinic in Mill Valley , California , and author of "  The Diet Cure . " "  But a lot of women skip meals to save calories and go straight to dessert , so their blood sugar spikes , then crashes , and they end up going back for seconds and thirds . Over time they are n't saving calories . " Going back for another and another also puts you scary-close to emotional eating 's danger zone : overeating . "  There 's no harm in meeting any need with food -- unless it becomes chronic or extreme , " Ross says . Health.com : Eat  yes , eat !  to lose weight Tip 4 : Bag the guilt It 'll strip the pleasure right out of your splurge . "  Nobody should feel guilty if they use food to celebrate or feel comfort , " Ross says . Besides , hating yourself for loving that chocolate shake will only make you need another  high-calorie  mood boost . It comes down to this : When you eat to feel good , let yourself feel good . Then move on . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Ask yourself if you really , really , really , really want it Step away from that TV , or iPad , so you can focus fully on the treat you want to eat When you eat to feel good , let yourself feel good . Then move on
LONDON  England  -- CNN -- When CSKA Moscow lifted the UEFA Cup in 2005 , becoming the first Russian team to win a European trophy , manager Valeri Gazzaev described it as "  a landmark victory for Russian football . " Andrei Arshavin has become Russia 's first football superstar since the Soviet era . Three years later , Zenit St Petersburg matched the achievement a month before the Russian national team reached the semifinals of Euro 2008 . After years on the margins , Russian football was back in the limelight . Jonathan Wilson , author of "  Behind the Curtain , Travels in Eastern European Football , " told CNN that recent successes mark a renaissance of Russian football . A far-cry from the early years after the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 , when teams previously funded by state bodies -- such as the police force or the army -- were left chronically short of money . Wilson said that under communist rule Spartak Moscow had been funded by a trade union representing catering workers and were less directly dependant on state support than other Russian clubs . Consequently , when the Russian Premier League was formed in 1992 , Spartak found themselves in a better position than many of their rivals and stormed on to win nine of the first 10 titles up for grabs . See photos of Russia 's post-Soviet football stars . " While Spartak flourished , the rest of the division remained in desperate need of money ; that is , until a new source of funding came in the shape of Russia 's rising force of oligarchs -- men who had amassed fortunes buying cheap but highly profitable energy companies These oligarchs and energy corporations now play a vital role in funding the game . Zenit St Petersburg is backed by Gazprom , the world 's biggest producer and exporter of natural gas and Spartak Moscow has oil and gas company Lukoil as its primary sponsor . CSKA Moscow 's 2005 UEFA Cup triumph was financed by Sibneft , whose majority shareholder at the time was Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich , currently the 51st richest man in the world according to Forbes.com . Abramovich 's cash meant the club could afford to sign quality foreign players , including Brazilian internationals Daniel Carvalho and the free-scoring Vagner Love . Other examples of imported talent includes Dynamo Moscow 's signing of Champions League winners Maniche and Costinha from FC Porto in 2005 , and Zenit St Petersburg capturing Portuguese midfielder Danny for a reported league record of $ 40 million . There are so many foreign players in Russia that Premier League regulations now limit clubs to fielding no more than six foreign players at a time . What are your views of Russian football ? Sound off below . But the injection of money into the Russian game is n't only useful for buying foreign talent , Wilson says the national game is also having a revival because of the oligarchs ' money . Abramovich funds Russia 's National Football Academy , which , along with providing plastic pitches and coaches for young footballers , is also responsible for paying the wages of national team coach Guus Hiddink . Dutchman Hiddink led Russia to the semifinals of Euro 2008 , with the team having never made it past the first round of international competition prior to his appointment in 2006 . Marc Bennetts , author of "  Football Dynamo " , about the state of Russian football , is based in Moscow . He told CNN that Hiddink 's arrival was a turning point in the national team 's fortunes . "  Hiddink really shook up the national football team . He left out some of the veterans and began picking players who were young and fresh , like Andrei Arshavin and Roman Pavlyuchenko , " he said . In Arshavin Russia has found its first football superstar since the Soviet era . He signed for English club Arsenal in February 2009 and has made an instant impact in the English Premier League . Bennetts says one cloud on the horizon is that Russian football 's dependence on energy companies means the global economic crisis and low oil prices could have a negative impact on the sport . But if the oligarchs keep supplying the Roubles , there 's no reason why Russian football wo n't continue to blossom .	Recent UEFA Cup successes mark a "  new era " for Russian football When the Soviet Union broke up , Russian clubs faced a funding crisis Oligarchs now back many Russian teams , bringing money into the game Andrei Arshavin and Roman Pavlyuchenko are Russia 's newest stars
CNN  -- On the same day terrorists took lives in Boston , Secretary of State John Kerry talked in Tokyo about another young life extinguished by an explosive device , Foreign Service Officer Anne Smedinghoff . "  A 25-year-old young woman , full of idealism , full of hopes , taking books to children in a school so they can learn , and wiped out by terrorism , by the worst kind of nihilistic nothing -- violence that does n't stand for anything except killing people and stopping the future , " Kerry said , talking of his decision to pay a condolence visit to her parents and vowing her death would not be in vain . "  We 're not going to be deterred . We 're going to be inspired . And we 're going to use Anne 's idealism as another motivation for the idealism that brings all of you to this effort in the first place . We can make this world better . " Only hours later came Boston , and more lives blown apart by explosive devices planted to deadly effect on a day that should have been a holiday . Bombs hit innocents right in the heart of a street celebration and were timed for the most lethal impact . Spectators killed . Babies injured . An 8-year-old boy , who had held a handmade sign calling for peace , dead . A young Boston woman full of promise extinguished before her 30th birthday . A young Chinese woman who chased her dream of education in Boston killed . Death clinging to the streets in a city that would have found the idea unthinkable even moments before . Carnage all around . Americans will be called upon in the coming days to do as so many families have before them : to pull themselves out of the swamp of their heartbreak and to push forward with life . To make certain that those who practice destruction and devastation do not achieve a win . To find the valor amid the annihilation and to force resilience to rise up against grief . As Kerry said , to be inspired by horror to "  make this world better , " as Boston 's first responders and a slew of marathon volunteers surely were . But it will not be easy . Facing down terror and resuming life is tough . Rebuilding after loss requires a particular kind of tenacity and a commitment to living that grief wants to smother . Many push forward to do honor to the memory of those they have lost . But they must remind themselves each step of the way that though it would be easier to succumb to loss they must instead choose life . Because otherwise their loved one 's example would be in vain . As Boston struggled to reconcile itself with the re-emergence of terror , a series of bombs exploded across Iraq leaving death and maiming behind . People simply trying to make a flight at Baghdad 's airport died when parked cars became explosives . At least 42 were killed across the country . In Pakistan , a suicide bomber killed nine people who came out for an election rally . More than 50 were wounded . Across the world innocents are targeted and terror seizes the spotlight with little effort . All that is left to be done is to bear witness , bring perpetrators to justice and continue living . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Gayle Lemmon .	Gayle Lemmon : Terror does n't discriminate : People all over world died Monday Lemmon : Like the diplomat killed in Afghanistan , lives were cut short in Boston She says rebuilding after loss requires tenacity and a commitment to living Lemmon : Terror easily seizes the spotlight ; we must bear witness and find justice
CNN  Last week , I was among 14 American Muslims who met with President Barack Obama at the White House , where I delivered a handmade Valentine 's Day card from two California sisters , Sabrina and Saniya . Sabrina , who is 10 , told the President that she likes how he 's running the country , and that she plans to be an engineer or a basketball player when she grows up . She also wrote that she was worried about kids being mean to her because of her Muslim faith and asked for the President 's help amid the growing crisis of anti-Muslim hate . This week , my heart sank as I read every parent 's worst nightmare in the news : Three bright-eyed young Americans had been brutally slain in Chapel Hill , North Carolina . Deah Shaddy Barakat ; his new wife , Yusor Abu-Salha ; and her sister Razan Abu-Salha were charitable , optimistic and promising individuals who were determined to make the world a better place , but whose lives were viciously ripped away . As the facts unfold , many indications lead us to believe that this is likely a hate crime . Yusor Abu-Salha 's father has repeatedly stated that his daughter told the family that the neighbor did n't like them because of the way they looked . The accused killer 's social media posts frequently attacked religion . And the manner of death : bullets to the head . Sadly , this incident is not an isolated tragedy . Hate crimes and anti-Muslim bigotry have been escalating at an alarming rate , causing fear among families and communities of heinous attacks exactly like the one we witnessed in North Carolina . In the last few months , we have seen public figures engage in rhetoric that has only added fuel to the fire of anti-Muslim hate and bigotry . Just a few weeks ago , Texas state Rep. Molly White posted on her Facebook page about an upcoming Texas Muslim Capitol Day where students get to engage with elected leaders . In her post , White indicates that she left "  instructions to staff to ask representatives from the Muslim community to renounce Islamic terrorist groups and publicly announce allegiance to America " when they visit her office . A few months before , White posted that "  Muslims can not be trusted no matter how peaceful they appear . " Earlier , in January , Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal warned Americans of fabricated "  no-go zones " in the United States where non-Muslims are not allowed to go , and insisted that immigration by Muslims should be viewed as an "  invasion , " clearly not grasping the fact that Muslims have been a part of America since their forced migration on slave ships . And it gets worse . Since the release of the movie "  American Sniper , " we have seen ugly and threatening messages on social media . One Twitter user said the film "  makes me wan na go shoot some  expletive  Arabs . " Another Twitter user suggested that people look up the list of mosques and Islamic schools in the United States  he provided them a link to a community website that compiles the names and locations of these institutions  and then attack them with guns and other heavy ammunition pictured in his tweet . Hate-filled rhetoric and threats of violence have popped up in every facet of our society . As a Muslim , it is difficult to go about my life without my faith being attacked on social media , on mainstream cable news and in my community . At last week 's meeting , I asked the President to host a summit to examine discrimination directed at people of faith in America . While Obama announced Friday that the FBI has begun an inquiry into Tuesday 's horrific killings in North Carolina , now , more than ever , we need the President and Attorney General Holder to speak from the podium and personally address the larger issue of anti-Muslim bigotry . Furthermore , it is critical for Holder , our nation 's chief law enforcement officer , to direct and complete a rigorous federal investigation on the attack and make it clear that violence against anyone based on how they look or how they pray will not be tolerated . In fact , 150 organizations have signed onto a letter asking Holder for such an investigation . As Americans , we want all our children to grow up with the same opportunities . We want all our families to be able to practice our faiths and be part of communities that celebrate and welcome diversity . We want to keep our communities safe from acts of violence . Today , Muslim , Arab , Sikh and South Asian-American parents are hugging their children a little tighter , feeling helpless to protect them from others who hate them simply because of how they look or the way they pray . As we carry the torch for Deah , Yusor and Razan and remember the great things they accomplished in their beautiful lives , let us also honor their memory by ensuring that young children such as Sabrina and Saniya are not targets of future hate crimes . Let us assure tomorrow 's rising stars that they can grow up in a world where they do n't have to fear their fellow Americans . Let us create a nation where Sabrina does n't feel the need to ask her President to protect her from hate .	Farhana Khera : Hate crimes and anti-Muslim bigotry have been escalating at alarming rate Khera says 150 groups are urging investigation of Chapel Hill killings as hate crime
The Frisky  -- You do n't have to be Jennifer Aniston to think that the four women who Krazy-Glued a cheater 's penis to his stomach were way harsh and beyond psycho . If your ex 's loved ones ask why you broke up , it 's OK to admit he cheated on you , writer says . But in our less scrupulous/mature moments , many of us want to punish a particularly nasty ex , especially if he was a cheater . Ladies , let 's keep it legal  and Krazy Glue-free  , OK ? Here are 10 ideas : 1 . Email his crappiest crap e-mail to Jezebel.com 's Crap E-mail From A Dude and when they publish it , discreetly post the link as your GChat away message . 2 . Call up your hottest platonic male friend , grab your digital camera and go do something adorable together . Now it 's time to create a Facebook photo album full of pics of you looking smiley .  Bonus points if your ex was slightly paranoid that this guy had a thing for you  . The Frisky : Possible to remain friends with an ex ? 3 . Permanently adopt that comfy sweatshirt he left at your place . Especially if he 's the one who caused the breakup , he probably does n't have the cojones to ask for it back now . 4 . Gain that extra 10 lbs that fills you out nicely , like Joan Holloway on "  Mad Men " ... 5 . ... or lose that extra 10 lbs so you can fit into your sexy jeans again . Either way , this also requires a Facebook photo album . The Frisky : How Joan Holloway gives me confidence 6 . You might hear from his mom , sisters , or other family members you were close to after the breakup , especially if you dated for a long time . Airing too much of your dirty laundry to them will make you look like a psycho . But if he did cheat on you  and you did n't cheat back  , it could n't hurt to mention how his bad behavior led to the split . The Frisky : 10 rules on way men and women eat Dude sure as hell did n't tell them the truth about why you broke up ! And any mom or sister worth her salt will tear your ex a new one when they learn that 's why he lost a great girl like you . The Frisky : Continue relationships with an ex 's loved ones ? 7 . Ignore every single text , Tweet , Facebook poke and email from here on out . But kept posting stuff on your social networking sites on the regular . 8 . If you 're a songwriter or a poet , well , you know what to do . The creep who caused Ani Di Franco 's song "  Untouchable Face " probably has n't forgotten what he did . 9 . Penning aggressive-aggressive emails  as opposed to passive-aggressive ones  is always therapeutic . The Frisky : Passive aggressive notes Web site 10 . Spend a few months feeling down . Indulge in some therapy . Do some fun things single women do . Work extra-hard at your job and get a promotion . Go take a trip or buy some new clothes . Whenever you 're ready , go meet a new guy . Fall in love . Have tons of great sex . Laugh a lot . Talk about baby names and where you want your honeymoon to be . The next time you run into your ex , mention all the great things that have happened in your life since you broke up ... or just smile . The Frisky : Happy to be single TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	If your ex cheated on you , there are legal ways to get even Do whatever it takes to look your best , post pix on Facebook with male friend If his mom or sister ask about breakup , tell them he cheated on you Ignore all social media contact from him . But post a song about his cheating ways
Washington  CNN  -- Retired Supreme Court Justice John Paul Stevens has voiced support for the killing of al Qaeda terrorist leader Osama bin Laden by U.S. forces , saying it was legally justified . In remarks Thursday evening at his alma mater , Northwestern University , the 91-year-old former justice said the order by President Barack Obama for the covert mission by U.S. Navy SEALs was "  to remove an enemy who had been trying every day to attack the United States , " according to two people who attended a symposium and dinner that was closed to the media . Stevens said he was pleased the president took the risky decision to launch the May 2 commando assault on bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan . The justice added , "  I must say I was very proud of the SEALs . " No sitting member of the Supreme Court has commented on the bin Laden killing and is not likely to , since current or related executive branch issues may someday come before them . There have been legal questions surrounding whether U.S. and international law would permit a unilateral executive decision to kill a terrorist leader with no ties to any government . Attorney General Eric Holder said the day after the mission , "  It 's lawful to target an enemy commander in the field . " As founder and head of al Qaeda , bin Laden was viewed by the administration as a combatant actively involved in past and current hostilities against the United States and other countries . The insistence by Obama officials that the killing was justified come despite bin Laden not being armed when commandos stormed his third-floor room . Those officials insist the Saudi native "  resisted " and made no clear indication he would surrender . Stevens said based on his knowledge of the facts , "  I have n't the slightest doubt it was entirely appropriate for American forces to act " as they did . "  It was not merely to do justice and avenge September 11 . " The Wall Street Journal Law Blog first reported Stevens ' remarks . He stepped down from the high court last year after nearly 35 years on the bench , and was replaced by Justice Elena Kagan . Unusually for a retired justice , he has been outspoken on current hot-button cases his former colleagues are considering and on other news events . He voiced support in November for a planned Islamic community center near the site of the September 11 terrorist attacks in New York , urging religious and ethnic tolerance . He announced this week he has almost completed writing a memoir of sorts , a look at the five chief justices he has known and worked with over the past 64 years . Called the "  Five Chiefs , " and to be published by Little Brown this October , the book will also give an inside look at the court and Stevens ' personal insights on colleagues past and present , including current Chief Justice John Roberts . Before retiring , Stevens had been a consistent supporter of limited rights for terror suspects in U.S. custody overseas to challenge their detention in federal courts . In the first terrorism case to arise in the high court from the 9/11 attacks , Stevens said foreign-born terror suspects captured abroad and held at a Navy-run prison at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , did have some basic rights . "  What is presently at stake is only whether the federal courts have jurisdiction to determine the legality of the executive 's potentially indefinite detention of individuals who claim to be wholly innocent of wrongdoing , " he wrote in 2004 . Stevens is a World War II veteran . He served as an intelligence officer in Hawaii , where his work included supervising the cracking of secret Japanese codes . He was speaking in public Friday to graduates at his old law school in Chicago , where he graduated in 1947 at the top of his class .	"  I must say I was very proud of the SEALs , " retired Justice Stevens says "  I have n't the slightest doubt it was entirely appropriate , " he says Stevens has been unusually outspoken for a retired justice
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- I 'm standing in a land of culinary legends with steaming bowls of turtle soup , plates of deliciously seasoned Louisiana blue crabs , Creole cochon de lait , and too many delectable desserts to imagine swirling past on the raised trays of waiters . The smell of some of the world 's finest cooking fills the air , along with the steady hum of expertise as each piece of beef is seared , each shrimp broiled , each crusty baguette done to perfection . This is the kitchen at the New Orleans landmark , Commander 's Palace , where Paul Prudhomme , Emeril Lagasse and so many others have sharpened their knives and palates . And in the cherished seat of executive chef these days , Tory McPhail knows he is not merely presiding over a history of gastronomic excellence , but also building up a cornerstone of this city 's comeback from Katrina . Almost unbelievably , there are 300 more restaurants here than before the big storm . Sure , that is more competition , but chef McPhail says , "  I embrace it ! All these guys are opening up these little , tiny neighborhood funky spots , and I tell you this is really , really an exciting time to live here in the city . And the food is fantastic . " The restaurants , in this city so renowned for food , are leading the way in what has turned into a massively successful charge to reclaim the tourist trade wiped out by Katrina . Aggressive spending and marketing campaigns have seen attractions refurbished and facilities upgraded in almost every spot that tourists would normally go . For the Superdome , a $ 250 million makeover ; for the Convention Center , $ 93 million in improvements ; and $ 400 million has been spent refurbishing and building up hotels . The result ? Conventions that were feared lost forever are coming back in droves . Tourists are rediscovering the Crescent City in all its charms and debauchery  because face it , a late-night walk down the blaring carnival of Bourbon Street is still one of the highlights for many visitors  , and all the numbers that city and state leaders count on are trending up . Tax revenues are up . Overall tourist spending is up . And perhaps most importantly in this beleaguered town , of the 85,000 jobs in the tourism industry before the storm , 70,000 have been recovered despite the recession . Down at Jackson Square , with the iconic cathedral rising beside us , I hop onto a buggy with Willie Pickett , and his mule , Pierre , pulls us into the steady stream of tourists he relies on for fares all day . I ask him what he wants them to know about the city he grew up in . "  I want them to know that we love them and we want them to keep coming back . And everything they like and love about New Orleans is just like it was before Katrina . " Beyond the tourist attractions , in some neighborhoods , problems persist . In the 9th Ward , the return has been much slower ; sometimes plagued by problems in housing , insurance , bad contractors , and on the hottest , bleakest days , a prevailing sense of despair . But everyone here knew that the No. 1 job-producing industry had to come back if anything was to get better , and that business , tourism , is rocketing forward . The year before Katrina was a record-breaker , with 10 million visitors and almost $ 5 billion coming to town . New Orleans is not back to that level yet , but it is are much closer than many had hoped . At the Convention and Visitors Bureau , Kelly Schulz is paid to be upbeat , but she insists it 's not just a sales pitch when she says , "  Everything in New Orleans that was broken during Katrina is being fixed now ; not only back to where it was before , but even better . " She tells me that convention planners from other states who swore they would never come back are now calling her for help with reservations . As a former resident , I have some reference points . I know how incomparably lovely a streetcar ride to Uptown can be , followed by a long , lingering seafood dinner amid friends . I have walked all night in the Quarter , and enjoyed beignets nestled in mounds of powdered sugar as thick waves of fog rolled off of the river like something from a movie . I have danced until dawn in a steamy music club and walked out to the singing of mockingbirds and sunrise lighting up the live oak trees . In short , I have loved this town like no other for a lifetime . So as I leave Commander 's Palace , I walk across the street to a little art galley . Inside , it is cool . The owner and some friends are chatting amid bright images of the bayous , wildlife and the town itself . I stroll around looking at the art , and through the windows at the neighborhood outside , and it is easy to see the beguiling charm coming through once again , the beauty and uniqueness that have drawn visitors here for 300 years , and five years after the disaster , is calling them down to the river again .	New Orleans has 300 more restaurants than it did before Hurricane Katrina City has been aggressively rebuilding its tourism business Superdome has had a $ 250 million makeover 70,000 of 85,000 tourism industry jobs have been recovered since '05 storm
CNN  -- The mother of a 25-year-old woman killed in a Boston hotel more than a week ago said Friday that she will remain haunted by her daughter 's death for the rest of her life . The mother of Julissa Brisman says she remains haunted by her daughter 's death . "  Our family has been devastated by the loss of our beautiful daughter , Julissa , " Carmen Guzman said in a statement released Friday , which would have been Julissa Brisman 's 26th birthday . "  The feeling of losing my daughter in this way and the pain she must have felt will haunt me for the rest of my life , " Guzman said . "  She wo n't live to see her dreams . We will hold Julissa in our hearts every day . " Philip Markoff , 23 , a second-year student at Boston University 's School of Medicine , is charged with killing Brisman on April 14 at Boston 's Copley Marriott Hotel . Police have said that Brisman , a model from New York , advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds Web site Craigslist . They say Markoff may have met her through the online site . Prosecutors say Brisman sustained blunt head trauma , and said she was shot three times at close range . One of the bullets passed through her heart , killing her , prosecutors said . Markoff , who was arraigned Tuesday , is being held without bail . His attorney , John Salsberg , told reporters after the hearing that Markoff is "  not guilty of the charges . He has his family 's support . I have not received any document or report or piece of evidence other than what I heard in the courtroom . All I have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . " A procedural not-guilty plea was entered on Markoff 's behalf , according to Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley . Markoff is also charged in connection with the April 10 robbery of Trisha Leffler , 29 , at a Westin Hotel in Boston . Leffler was robbed of $ 800 in cash and $ 250 in American Express giftcards , according to police reports . She was held at gunpoint and bound , prosecutors said . Megan McAllister , who identified herself as Markoff 's fiancee , maintained his innocence in an e-mail sent to ABC News . McAllister said Markoff "  is the wrong man " and "  was set up . " "  Unfortunately , you were given wrong information as was the public , " she wrote . "  All I have to say to you is Philip is a beautiful person inside and out and could not hurt a fly ! " Authorities believe the motive in Brisman 's death was robbery , Conley told reporters . In executing a search warrant at Markoff 's home , police found a firearm , along with restraints and duct tape , he said . Authorities in Boston are working with police in Warwick , Rhode Island , on what could be a related case . On April 16 at a Holiday Inn Express in Warwick , a man tied up and demanded money from a 26-year-old dancer who had posted a Craigslist advertisement , Warwick Police Chief Col. Stephen McCartney said . The robbery was interrupted when the woman 's husband entered the room . After pointing his gun at the husband , the suspect fled , McCartney said . He said the incident "  may be related to similar crimes occurring in the Boston area " but that had not been determined .	Mother of Craigslist victim Julissa Brisman says family ` devastated ' by loss Philip Markoff , 23 , charged in Brisman 's death Police say Markoff met Brisman on popular online classifieds Web site Markoff 's family , fiance maintains his innocence of charges
London  CNN  -- The British Broadcasting Corporation 's director and deputy director of news have "  stepped aside " pending an internal review over a report that falsely implicated a former senior political official in a child sex scandal , the media organization said Monday . It is the latest fallout over the report that has rocked one of the world 's oldest and most respected media organizations , and the move follows the weekend resignation of George Entwistle as BBC 's director general . News director Helen Boaden and her deputy , Steve Mitchell , have been asked to "  surrender all their responsibilities " pending the outcome of the review , the BBC reported . On November 2 , BBC 's Newsnight aired the sex abuse claims against a senior political figure of the 1980s . Days later , the victim admitted he identified the wrong man . The BBC aired on apology on Friday , but it did little to contain the fallout from the false accusation . It was the second major crisis to hit the BBC within months . In late September , the BBC became embroiled in a scandal over its handling of sexual abuse allegations against its late TV presenter Jimmy Savile . The scandal exploded amid revelations that BBC 's Newsnight pulled a report into allegations against Savile ahead of a planned tribute to the late TV presenter by the news organization scheduled to air later this year . Entwistle and others were called in front of lawmakers to answer for the scandal surrounding Savile , who authorities say was suspected of having sexually abused young women and girls , sometimes on BBC premises . Boaden served as director of BBC News when the decision was made to pull the Savile report , the BBC reported . "  Ms. Boaden has overall editorial and managerial responsibility for UK-wide and global news and current affairs on radio , television and oneline , " according to a BBC report . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	Helen Boaden , the BBC 's director of news , is stepping aside pending an internal review Boaden 's deputy , Steve Mitchell , also stepped aside , the BBC reports The review is examining a BBC report that falsely implicated a former political official The BBC also faces criticism over its handling of allegations against Jimmy Savile
CNN  -- The Metro-North train that derailed Sunday , killing four people and injuring dozens of others , was equipped with safety mechanisms that would have sounded a warning before slowing down the train if the engineer became unresponsive , a Metropolitan Transportation Authority spokesman said Thursday . It 's unclear , however , if those mechanisms were activated before the crash . The train engineer , William Rockefeller Jr. , apparently "  was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident , a union representative told CNN . His lawyer said the engineer 's schedule had been switched in November from a mid-afternoon start time to a predawn start . At the time of the accident , the train was in "  push mode , " meaning that the locomotive was in the rear of the train pushing it along the tracks , with Rockefeller in a cabin at the front operating it remotely . His cabin was equipped with a "  dead man pedal " that required constant downward pressure with the foot to keep the train moving , MTA spokesman Aaron Donovan told CNN on Thursday . "  Should you lose consciousness or die and the foot is taken off , a whistle sounds and the train begins to slow immediately to a stop , " Donovan said . "  It 's a pressure you have to keep -- your foot actively engaged . " The newer model locomotive in the rear , however , was equipped with a more sophisticated "  alerter " system which sounds a tone every 25 seconds , requiring the engineer to respond with a tap within 15 seconds while the train is in steady motion , Donovan said . "  This train had one system in front and one in rear -- with the same goal of ensuring that engineers are alert , " said Donovan . But it is unclear if the "  dead man pedal " mechanism was activated when Rockefeller allegedly nodded off at the controls . "  That is unknown , " Donovan said . The National Transportation Safety Board has not commented on those mechanisms but has said the signal and braking systems appeared to be functioning . Two passengers on the Metro-North train , meanwhile , have filed a notice of claim against the commuter railroad , an initial step in a lawsuit seeking damages in connection with the accident . Four people died and 67 others were injured in the crash Sunday . Denise Williams is a retired Army colonel and dentist who was on her way to a convention at the time of the crash . She suffered spine , collarbone and rib fractures after she was pinned inside an overturned car for about an hour , according to her attorney Michael Lamonsoff . Negligence accusations Lamonsoff said Wednesday the suit on behalf of Williams will accuse the commuter railroad of negligence . He said state law requires that negligence claims be filed against the railroad , not the train engineer who allegedly nodded off as the train was speeding into a sharp curve . MTA does n't comment on pending litigation , according to spokeswoman Marjorie Anders . "  While she was ... pinned down , there was a guy that , a chef who has cerebral palsy , he sat with her and prayed with her because they did n't know if she would live or die , and she was praying to live , " Lamonsoff said . "  Bottom line is the guy was going 82 mph in a 30 mph zone , " Lamonsoff said . He added that the railroad has been slow to implement what is known as positive train control technology , which combines GPS , wireless radio and computers to monitor trains and stop them from colliding or derailing . In 2008 , Congress ordered rail lines to adopt the technology by December 2015 . "  We have GPS on cars , they should have GPS on the trains , " he said . "  They have been stonewalling . They have until 2015 , they have asked for extensions , they have n't started any upgrades . " Edward Russell was among those seriously injured in Sunday 's crash . He will ask for punitive damages in the amount of $ 10 million , according to his notice of claim , which cites "  loss of earnings , " "  inability to work " and "  post traumatic stress " as part of the damage sustained from his injuries . Russell 's attorney , Robert Vilensky , expressed concerns about the infamous sharp curve in the tracks at Spuyten Duyvil . "  It seems like there have been several incidents in the area , I believe there were four in the past year . There 's something that seems to be amiss ... whether they 're not doing enough to ensure safety ,  or  not paying enough attention to it , " Vilensky said . Russell 's claim accuses the MTA , Metro-North , the City and State of New York of being negligent "  in allowing the train to run at a place where there is a sharp curve in the terrain ,  and  in failing to change the design of the tracks when another incident had occurred similar to the incident herein several months previously , " among other things . MTA spokesman Salvatore Arena said the agency began work to install positive train control technology on the Long Island Rail Road and Metro-North Railroad in 2009 , budgeting nearly $ 600 million for its installation , including $ 428 million last month for a system integrator . The cost for full implementation is estimated at $ 900 million . Arena said implementing it by the 2015 deadline will be difficult because much of the technology is still under development , untested and unproven on commuter railroads the size of Metro-North and LIRR . National Transportation Safety Board member Earl Weener said Tuesday it 's possible that positive train control could have prevented a derailment involving a high-speed train , like the one involved in the Metro-North accident . Train union kicked out of crash investigation The NTSB , meanwhile , has booted the rail union from its investigation into the derailment for violating confidentiality rules . The agency made the announcement late Tuesday night , hours after a union representative told CNN the train engineer apparently "  was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident . In its announcement , the NTSB specifically cited those comments as the violation . Anthony Bottalico , the union representative , told CNN that Rockefeller recognizes his responsibility in the incident . "  I think most people are leaning towards human error , " Bottalico said . Rockefeller 's lawyer , Jeffrey Chartier , characterized what happened as "  highway hypnosis . " He said his client had had a full night 's sleep before the crash and had no disciplinary record . On Wednesday , Chartier said his client never blamed the accident on faulty brakes , disputing earlier statements attributed to Rockefeller . Living through a train wreck CNN 's Felicia Schwartz , Kristina Sgueglia , Allison Malloy , Mike Ahlers and Ross Levitt contributed to this report .	NEW : Metro-North train had safety systems designed to stop it in an emergency A retired Army colonel is one of the passengers who 've filed a notice A lawyer for the engineer describes what happened as "  highway hypnosis " "  I think most people are leaning towards human error , " union representative says
CNN  -- Can presidential candidates talk to voters like adults ? Will voters support a candidate who tells them the truth ? The answer to that question is obvious to anyone who has observed American politics in recent years . One day -- let us hope it comes soon -- voters will demand that their political leaders present them with a more realistic sense of the possibilities and choices they face . But for now , voters demand perfect odds and simple solutions , and politicians oblige . President Obama confessed as much in a recent Vanity Fair profile , when he revealed he knows that each one of the decisions he makes as president could turn out wrong . "  Nothing comes to my desk that is perfectly solvable , " he said . "  Any given decision you make you 'll wind up with a 30 to 40 percent chance that it is n't going to work . " But the American public , the president suggested , can not handle those odds . After you have made your decision , you need to feign total certainty about it . Despite knowing this , Obama did not project that supreme confidence and simplified arguments in Wednesday 's debate . Romney did . That was not the president 's only problem , but it was one of the reasons he did n't fare well . The frustration showed after the debate , when Obama accused Romney of blatant lying in a debate that , like both campaigns , has been rife with distortions . Both candidates twisted the facts . Romney did it to better effect . It 's a tragedy for American democracy that the tactic works . Four years ago , Obama betrayed no doubts that he would succeed in achieving highly ambitious promises . It 's harder to speak in dreamy , inspirational platitudes when you 've been president for four years , when the prose of real life has not caught up with the poetry of the campaign . Politics : Mitt 's middle of the road makeover The American political system demands charisma , leadership and boundless optimism , even if they are artificial and hollow . Some voters tell pollsters that a "  strong leader " is one of the most important traits they look for in a candidate . And pollsters track the perception obsessively . But the prevailing idea of what a strong leader is has become manufactured and artificial . Candidates have to sound self-assured and authoritative , in a version of leadership that resembles more the utterances of Donald Trump in "  The Apprentice " than the wisdom of the great politician-philosophers who founded the country . Real charisma allows leaders to change their mind . But that 's different from reshaping your supposed ideology to win different audiences . Intellectual and political honesty are not Etch-a-Sketch tricks . Romney 's penchant for telling one audience one thing and then taking it back when it does n't suit another audience -- as he just did with his infamous "  47 % " comments by saying he was "  completely wrong " -- does not count as mettle . In the debate , Obama slipped in his efforts to don that leadership mantle . He even acknowledged that some of the choices are a matter of odds , that the country is a laboratory and we can only hope the experiments will turn out well . On the economy , he said , "  Look , we 've tried this ; we 've tried both approaches , " comparing the Bush approach with the Clinton years . Obama took a step toward honesty with the public in suggesting that we can make only an educated guess as to what strategy is likely to work . "  In some ways , " he said , "  we 've got some data on which approach is more likely to create jobs and opportunity for Americans . " Evidence , "  data . " That 's not a modern American politician 's way of framing a decision . Americans like it when their leaders  and their pundits  are completely sure of what they propose , totally convinced it will work . Politics : Bad debate , good fundraising and jobs report for the president Some people believe this is the inevitable way of politics . But it does n't have to be . In other countries facing great problems such as high unemployment and shrinking economies , these days , "  difficult choices " and uncertain outcomes are the centerpiece of political discussions . Voters are treated as intelligent , responsible adults who have to decide what is the most promising of unpalatable options . Friday 's unemployment figures seemed to support Obama 's belief in his economic approach . But they do n't erase the uncertainty ahead . In the end , we have competing philosophies for facing a world where countless unexpected challenges are sure to emerge . It 's true . An appearance of self-assurance creates a reassuring aura of competence and charisma . It makes people feel better . People are drawn to those who seem most sure of their ideas . But being more certain does not make you more right . True charisma and leadership require acknowledging the uncertainties , recognizing the gaps in our knowledge . In the view of presidential scholar Michael Beschloss , they require the courage to tell difficult truths , to make unpopular decisions , to work with people who have different beliefs . Following the current definition , Romney proclaims with absolute conviction , as he did during Wednesday night 's debate , that "  the private market and individual responsibility always works best . " And he promises to bring 12 million new jobs while guaranteeing without a hint of doubt that if he is not elected , life will get worse , prices will go up , incomes will come down , and American will become weaker . Opinion : Will improving economy sink Romney ? Four years ago , Obama made promises that today sound just , well , sad . After his 2008 win in the Iowa caucuses , he told his exhilarated supporters that he would put an end to years of partisan bitterness and pettiness in Washington . He would be the president who would bring "  Democrats and Republicans together to get the job done . " As a candidate , Obama could draw a dreamy vision . He would bring red and blue states back together , close down the prison at Guantanamo , fight climate change and genocide . His election , he said , would "  mark the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal . " He even vowed to "  reboot America 's image in the Muslim world . " Instead , he tackled much greater problems than he had expected even when he exaggerated his competence . The economy , the world , they all proved more complex than the black and white choices of the election . Unemployment is still high . He has made little headway on the environment . Republicans and Democrats remain at each other 's throats , and people in Muslims countries are still not fond of America or its president . In the first debate , candidates again avoided talking about the need to make difficult choices . The talk was of tax cuts , not tax  "  revenue " is the euphemism  increases . There are other areas where the choices are difficult and unappealing in foreign and domestic policy . Voters may feel placidly satisfied when the candidates avoid mentioning the dangers ahead or the hard truths . But beneath the wishful thinking , Americans know that the world is complicated , the economy is challenging , the choices difficult . Opinion : Romney 's demographic bind A candidate who tells voters he is 100 % certain that the choices are clear and his plans will work out is lying , deluded or foolish . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis asks , Will voters support a presidential candidate who tells the truth ? Ghitis : The answer is obvious ; voters demand perfect odds and simple solutions She says Obama recently said he has to feign total certainty in his decisions Ghitis : True charisma and leadership require acknowledging uncertainties
CNN  -- You sure got ta climb a lot of steps to reach the Capitol building in Washington , so just imagine what the tumble down is like . Or , just ask "  Schoolhouse Rock " Bill , hero of the classic animated educational segment "  I 'm Just a Bill " on how a bill becomes a law . In a sketch on this weekend 's episode of "  Saturday Night Live " that captures the gridlocked climate of Washington politics , President Obama pushes the bill  played by Kenan Thompson  down the steps of the Capitol to make room for a cigarette-smoking executive order  played by Bobby Moynihan  . "  There 's an easier way to get things done around here , " Obama  played by Jay Pharoah  tells a bewildered schoolboy visiting the Capitol . The sketch starts off the same way as the original "  Schoolhouse Rock " segment , with a schoolboy meeting the bill on the Capitol steps . Bill launches into the classic "  I 'm Just a Bill " ditty , explaining how he goes from "  sitting here on Capitol Hill " to the House , the Senate and then to the President 's desk . Then , enter Obama , followed by Executive Order , who tells the student , "  I pretty much just happen . " Bill makes his way up the steps a few times after the tumble , only to meet the same fate . But is this constitutional ? the boy asks . Yes , says Executive Order -- "  I create national parks , or new holidays . " "  Or grant legal status to 5 million undocumented immigrants , " interjects Obama , referring to his plan to overhaul immigration . "  Whoa ! " exclaims Executive Order . "  OK , go big or go home . " Moral of the story ? "  I think I want to go into the private sector , " says the boy . More : Immigrants react to Obama 's speech with cheers , tears	"  Saturday Night Live " updates classic "  I 'm Just a Bill " segment from "  Schoolhouse Rock " Actor playing Obama shoves the bill down the steps to make room for an executive order "  There 's an easier way to get things done around here , " Obama says
CNN  -- Enterovirus D68 is likely coming -- if it has n't already -- to a state near you . Since mid-August , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had confirmed 153 cases of respiratory illness caused by Enterovirus D68 in 18 states : Alabama , Colorado , Connecticut , Illinois , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Louisiana , Minnesota , Missouri , Montana , Nebraska , New Jersey , New York , Oklahoma , Pennsylvania and Virginia . The California Department of Health has confirmed four cases in patients in San Diego and Ventura counties . And "  in the upcoming weeks , more states will have confirmed cases of EV-D68 infection , " the CDC said in a statement Wednesday . "  Several states are investigating clusters of people with severe respiratory illness , and specimens are still being tested for EV-D68 . It can take a while to test specimens and obtain lab results ... These increases will not necessarily reflect changes in real time , or mean that the situation is getting worse . " Canadian health officials have confirmed three cases of Enterovirus D68 in British Columbia . A fourth suspected case from a patient with severe respiratory illness is still under investigation . Two of the confirmed cases are children between 5 and 9 , said Dr. Danuta Skowronski , lead epidemiologist on emerging respiratory viruses at the British Columbia Centre for Disease Control . The third is a teen between 15 and 19 . Enteroviruses are very common . The CDC estimates that 10 million to 15 million infections occur in the United States each year . These viruses usually appear like the common cold ; symptoms include sneezing , a runny nose and a cough . Most people recover without any treatment . But Enterovirus D68 seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children who have asthma . The virus is hard to track as many enteroviruses cause similar symptoms and hospitals generally do not test for specific types . But health officials have asked doctors to send in samples if they suspect that Enterovirus D68 has caused a patient 's severe respiratory illness . Enteroviruses "  tend to have a summer-fall pattern , " Skowronski said , so the high number of cases will likely subside over the next few months . What parents should know In the meantime , parents should be on the lookout for the symptoms of Enterovirus D68 . Unfortunately , in the beginning it 's difficult -- if not impossible -- to tell the difference between a regular cold and this type of virus . But if your child develops a fever or a rash , or if he has difficulty breathing , seek medical attention right away . Children with asthma or a history of breathing problems are particularly susceptible for severe symptoms . CNN 's Jen Christensen , Matthew Stucker and Teri Genova contributed to this story .	NEW : CDC confirms 153 cases of Enterovius D68 in 18 states California also confirmed four cases of EV-D68 Canada confirms three cases in British Columbia Virus worsens breathing problems for children who have asthma
We 've all been there . You 're in the middle of cooking a great meal or just sitting down to eat at a restaurant or in the last five minutes of a favorite TV show when your phone rings . You do n't recognize the number , but you answer it anyway . "  This is Rachel from Cardholder Services . " It 's a robocall . More than 210,000 people complain to the Federal Trade Commission monthly about robocalls , those annoying and frustrating illegal automated messages . In the words of CNN contributor Bob Greene , they are "  like cockroaches : irritating , despised , always multiplying , seemingly indestructible and undefeatable . " That was before the FTC announced last October it was launching a nationwide contest to get the public 's help in solving a difficult problem . Nearly 800 eligible submissions were received and two winners were announced on Tuesday . Serdar Danis and Aaron Foss will each receive $ 25,000 for their "  real breakthrough solutions " which focus on "  intercepting and filtering out illegal prerecorded calls , " according to the FTC . The prize money will come from last year 's agency funds . They will use technology to "  blacklist " robocaller phone numbers and "  whitelist " numbers associated with acceptable incoming calls . "  We 're hoping these winning proposals find their way to the marketplace soon , and will provide relief to millions of American consumers harassed by these calls , " said Charles Harwood , acting director of the FTC 's Bureau of Consumer Protection . The agency does n't endorse either winner , but encourages the private sector to reach out to Danis and Foss to develop their proposals . Foss 's idea is called Nomorobo . It is a "  cloud-based solution that would use ` simultaneous ringing , ' which allows incoming calls to be routed to a second telephone line . This second line would identify and hang up on illegal robocalls before they could ring through to the user , " explained Harwood . Danis 's proposal , if nothing else , probably deserved an award for the longest name . His winning entry was titled , "  Robocall Filtering System and Device with Autonomous Blacklisting , Whitelisting , Graylisting and Caller ID Spoof Detection . " It would "  analyze and block robocalls using software that could be implemented as a mobile app , an electronic device in a user 's home or a feature of a provider 's telephone service . " Additionally , the FTC handed out a non-monetary prize to Google for a robo challenge achievement award . The judges considered whether an idea would work , was easy to use and could be rolled out for production . More than 217 million Americans have joined the National Do-Not-Call Registry since June 2003 . But that has n't guaranteed calls will stop . Many companies are using autodial technology that 's capable of sending out thousands of calls a minute . "  Many calls get through the system , " Harwood said . "  Even if someone is not on the Do-Not-Call Registry , it 's still illegal to place calls without expressed written authorization . "	Federal agency launched competition to find a solution to nagging , automated calls Nearly 800,000 eligible submissions received ; private sector encouraged to reach out to winners More than 210,000 people complain to the Federal Trade Commission monthly about robocalls
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Oil prices have some drivers looking for new rides , but some truck and sport-utility vehicle owners are remaining true to their gas guzzlers . They say , $ 4-a-gallon gas be damned ; they need the space . Gas prices have drivers reconsidering what they drive , but some SUV owners say they have no real alternative . "  You 've got to have that room when you 're moving around , " said Steve Sharp , who has three active children and whose wife owns a dance studio . "  It would be impractical for us to own a Prius with everything we 've got going on . " Toyota 's hybrid sedan just would n't work , said Sharp , 36 . In addition to hauling their 11-year-old boy to soccer games and their 10 - and 7-year-old daughters to dance recitals , Sharp 's wife , Caren , also totes large props and background displays for her studio . In March , as consumer cynicism toward SUVs soared alongside gas prices , the Sharpsburg , Georgia , family purchased a new Chevy Avalanche truck , which gets between 17 and 20 miles per gallon on the highway . When GM chief Rick Wagoner announced Tuesday his company would close four North American plants by 2010 , he cited skyrocketing gas prices as a factor in the automobile giant 's decision . Watch how gas prices drove the move " "  These higher gasoline prices are changing consumer behavior , and rapidly , " Wagoner said . "  We do n't think this is a temporary spike or shift . We think it is permanent . " Peter Brown , the executive director of the trade publication Automotive News , said in an interview last month that SUV sales were down almost 33 percent this year , and sales of pickups were down almost 20 percent . He likened the behemoths to dinosaurs on the fast path to extinction . iReport.com : Still driving that gas guzzler , and loving it ? "  If gas prices stay where they are at or continue to rise , the body-on-frame SUV is an endangered species and the pickup truck as a personal car is an endangered species , " he said . But some consumers say they 'll strive to keep the beasts alive , even if it costs $ 100 or more to fill the tanks . See gas prices across the country " Stephanie Torgerson , 32 , of Pataskala , Ohio , said she simply ca n't put her three boys in her husband 's Mazda 626 . The 1-year-old needs a car seat , the 5-year-old needs a booster chair and she does n't feel comfortable wedging her 8-year-old between the two . Sure , she could probably get better mileage in a minivan , but she does n't like the stigma . "  I do n't want to be labeled as a soccer mom , " she said . Torgerson said her 2006 Chevy Trailblazer , which gets about 20 mpg , affords her and her kids protection -- not to mention four-wheel drive traction in the snowy winter months . But security comes with a price . Torgerson 's daily commute to Hilliard -- another Columbus suburb -- is 72 miles roundtrip . She spends about $ 82 a week on gas , she said . Watch a Florida driver document gas prices " Asked if she had considered a hybrid SUV with four-wheel drive , she promptly said no . "  They 're all brand-new vehicles , and I ca n't afford a $ 500-a-month car payment , " she said . Orlando Tapia , of Cabot , Arkansas , said he considered trading in his 2001 Chevy Suburban to buy his wife a new car . The 45-year-old U.S. Air Force education manager said he reconsidered after learning he 'd get about one-seventh of the vehicle 's market value . See how SUV sales are on the decline " "  They want to give you nothing for it , " he said , lamenting the low demand and high supply of such vehicles . Tapia , who also owns a 1988 Chevy Silverado pickup  his wife drives a Toyota Camry  , said his family uses the Suburban only about 10 times a year , for vacations , hauling his flatbed trailer and when piling friends and relatives into the Suburban saves driving two cars . Tapia decided to keep his cars simply because they 're paid for . "  Do I pay $ 5,000 a year in car payments , or do I put $ 5,000 of gas in the Suburban ? " he asked . "  Right now it 's cheaper for me to just put gas in the Suburban . " Tapia has felt the pinch of high gas prices , he said , but he has ways to alleviate the burden on his wallet without hocking his truck or SUV . "  If I 'm running to the store and the Camry 's out there and the Suburban and pickup are out there , I definitely jump in the Camry , " he said . Sharp said his family looks for similar ways to save money on gas . For instance , his wife will time trips to the bank or grocery store so she can pick up the children from school while she 's out running errands . Extra trips mean extra gas , Sharp said . See how Lamborghinis , Bentleys fare on gas mileage " But simple solutions do n't work for everyone . "  I 've got several of these things that I 've been pouring liquid gold in the tank of , " said Mark Antley , 47 , of Sharpsburg , Georgia . The computer and technology contractor used to drive his 1999 Suburban from Sharpsburg through Atlanta to the northern suburb of Alpharetta . The 145-mile roundtrip to work put a dent in his 45-gallon gas tank . Making matters more costly were his wife 's car -- another '99 Suburban -- and his diesel 2002 Ford F250 pickup . So last month , Antley got on eBay , where he found a 1996 Pontiac Sunfire for $ 1,000 . The car is a "  piece of junk , " he said , but it gets about 37 mpg , almost tripling his Suburban 's mileage . He has already put 5,000 miles on it , which has saved him about the cost of the car in gas , he said . "  Last month , before I bought this car , it was running in the neighborhood of $ 1,400 to $ 1,800 a month , " Antley said of his family 's gasoline budget . Though Antley has left his F250 parked since Christmas , his wife still needs her Suburban for carpooling to school and school events . The Antleys ' daughter just turned 16 , and is driving her own Toyota Corolla , but the couple 's boys need rides to soccer practice and their sister 's gymnastics meets . Antley said he does n't think the SUV is on the verge of extinction . He laughs at folks willing to pay $ 1.25 for a pint of bottled water -- $ 10 a gallon -- but who gripe about $ 4-a-gallon gas . All products go up in price , he said . Gas prices eventually will level off and families will adjust their budgets accordingly . SUVs will either become luxuries for those who can afford the gas or necessities for those who need what SUVs have to offer , he predicts . "  There will still be a niche market for them , " he said . "  I do n't know what other vehicle affords you the luxury of carrying as much as they do . " CNN 's Wayne Drash and Chris Isidore contributed to this report .	Ohio woman says Trailblazer provides her safety without "  soccer mom " stigma Some owners are cutting back on or combining SUV trips to save gas Man bought Pontiac on eBay after shelling out $ 1,400 - $ 1,800 a month in gas Gas guzzlers becoming increasingly unpopular , but some people still need them
Oxford , Mississippi  CNN  -- From a dust mask that tested positive for ricin , to an enigmatic dump of a coffee grinder , to talk of making and mailing "  poison , " an affidavit unsealed Tuesday shed light on the case against a Mississippi man accused of sending potentially deadly letters to President Barack Obama and others . Just more than a week ago , James Everett Dutschke described the man then jailed in the case -- an Elvis , Buddy Holly and Randy Travis impersonator named Paul Kevin Curtis -- as a "  little nutty . " Now Curtis is free , and the 41-year-old Dutschke is behind bars . The document unsealed Tuesday explains what led authorities to arrest Dutschke -- but not why he allegedly concocted the poison and sent it to elected officials . Read the affidavit Lawyers for Dutschke did not respond immediately to CNN 's calls Tuesday for comment on the new details . But the affidavit in support of a criminal complaint indicated that his name was brought up as a possible suspect by none other than Curtis , following the latter 's April 17 arrest . Curtis had been detained on allegations that he was responsible for mailing letters with suspicious substances to Obama , Sen. Roger Wicker , R-Mississippi , and Sadie Holland , a judge in Lee County , Mississippi . Soon , though , authorities began to set their focus on Dutschke as well . That includes one person 's claim , made on April 19 to law enforcement agents , that Dutschke years ago said he could make a "  poison , " the affidavit said . What is ricin ? "  Dutschke stated that he could place the poison in envelopes and send them to elected officials , " said the witness , who had accused Dutschke of making sexual advances against his or her daughter . " ... According to the witness ... Dutschke made reference to having ' a secret knowledge ' for ` getting rid of people in office . ' " Document claims Dutschke repeatedly lied On April 22 , federal authorities searched a trash receptacle from Dutschke 's Tupelo home and found , among other items , different types of yellow paper , address labels and a dust mask . The letters to Obama , Wicker and Holland were all on yellow paper . That same day , FBI agents spotted Dutschke leaving his former tae kwon do facility , or dojo , loading things into his car , then placing several items from his window into a public trash can . According to the affidavit , these items included a coffee grinder , a box with latex gloves , a dust mask and an empty bucket of floor adhesive . Three subsequent tests of the mask by the National Bioforensic Analysis Center came back positive for ricin , the document states . Authorities further searched Dutschke 's former tae kwon do dojo and tested six other samples , including liquid removed from a drain and swabs taken from inside the building . At the time , Dutschke told CNN affiliate WMC-TV that he had agreed to the FBI search "  to help clear my name . " "  I had absolutely nothing to do with those letters , " he said . Yet the affidavit states that laboratory tests showed five of the six samples taken from his dojo tested positive for ricin . The document alleges that Dutschke lied to authorities on other fronts as well . For example , he insisted that he had n't been back to his tae kwon do dojo since April 15 , before changing his story to say that he 'd returned briefly one week later for a mop bucket , two pails and a fire extinguisher . He also claimed he had not stopped while leaving that building on his way to a pawn shop and seemed to be flummoxed when authorities told him they 'd spotted him tossing items into a trash can . The affidavit also alludes to Dutschke 's or his family 's possible frame of mind earlier this month , as seen in text messages on his wife 's cell phone . "  We 're coming over to burn some things , " one such message from April 20 reads . Another from the same day states , "  We are gon na clean house . " Twisted relationships and more The letters -- all postmarked April 8 -- each had a suspicious substance inside , a Memphis , Tennessee , postmark and no return address . They also contained a letter that read , in part : "  To see a wrong and not expose it , is to become a silent partner to its continuance . " On April 17 , authorities arrested Curtis . He emphatically denied sending the letters , insisting he 'd been framed and pointing the finger at Dutschke . The two men knew each other because Dutschke used to work for Curtis ' brother at an insurance company , under the direction of Curtis ' ex-wife . Curtis has said that while Dutschke worked for his brother , the two talked about collaborating on the publication of a book but later had a falling out . He has accused Dutschke of stalking him online , a claim the latter has denied . As for Dutschke , he told reporters last week that he did n't have a relationship with Curtis . "  He 's just a little nutty , " he said . Yet while the last line of the letters to Obama , Wicker and Holland all contain Curtis 's signature online catchphrase -- "  I am KC and I approve this message " -- the newly unsealed affidavit ties them to Dutschke . Among them , it states that marks on the paper for all those letters match those of paper found in Dutschke 's home and trash . Businessman , musician and convicted criminal So who is James Everett Dutschke ? He 's held several jobs , including at the insurance company and owner of his tae kwon do dojo . The Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal described him as a musician . He was also an aspiring politician . He ran as a Republican against Democratic state Rep. Steve Holland , the son of Judge Sadie Holland , and lost . Judge Holland dismissed a civil lawsuit that Dutschke had filed against the witness who told investigators that Dutschke had talked about "  poison . " Dutschke is also no stranger to law enforcement . Last year , residents in his Tupelo neighborhood sought police help after , one neighbor says , Dutschke repeatedly exposed himself to young girls . The case resulted in a conviction on indecent exposure charges and a 90-day jail sentence . He 's appealed the conviction , according to the Daily Journal newspaper . Then came another arrest on January 18 , that is tied to the ricin case in two ways . In that case , according to a grand jury indictment handed up this month and obtained by CNN , Dutschke is accused of molesting three girls under the age of 16 . This arrest prompted him to close his tae kwon do dojo . After the arrest , he consented to the seizure of his laptop computer , a hard drive and several flash drives , the affidavit in the ricin case states . Investigators searched these and found that on New Year 's Eve 2012 someone had downloaded a publication , "  Standard Operating Procedure for Ricin , " about safely handling the toxin . They also found that another file , about a method for detecting ricin , had been downloaded about two hours later . But according to the affidavit , Dutschke insisted that he 'd never researched anything about ricin and that he 'd never even seen a castor bean . Whether it was Dutschke or someone else , and whatever their motivation , the ricin-tainted letters could have done more than make headlines or scare people . They could have killed . If inhaled , injected or ingested , less than a pinpoint of ricin can kill a person within 36 to 48 hours due to the failure of the respiratory and circulatory systems . There is no known antidote . In a seeming acknowledgment of these dangers , the FBI issued a statement Tuesday stating it had "  immediately sealed off " Dutschke 's former tae kwon do facility -- which is near an auto body shop and an ice cream parlor -- and contacted public health authorities in the interest of public safety . "  The FBI is now conducting further forensic examination for the purpose of identifying trace evidence , residues and signatures of production that could provide evidence to support the investigation , " the agency said . CNN 's Vivian Kuo reported from Mississippi , and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : FBI says tae kwon do site is "  sealed off " and that a forensic examination is ongoing Dutschke , 41 , was arrested and accused of sending letters with ricin to Obama , others Dust mask and other samples tied to a Mississippi man positive for ricin , an affidavit says A witness says Dutschke talked about being able to make a "  poison " and mail it to officials
CNN  -- A Chicago couple never planned to turn their trip to Cambodia into a mission to help educate girls . But that 's exactly what happened . Bill and Lauren Smith had traveled to the Southeast Asian country often . During a 2002 visit , a taxi driver asked the Smiths if they wanted to see "  the children . " Not really knowing what he meant , they agreed . The driver took them about 25 minutes outside the capital of Phnom Penh . On their arrival , they saw hundreds of people on giant mountains of garbage . "  There were flies everywhere , " Bill said . "  There were snakes and rats and the stench ; you were just gagging . " His wife added , "  I had to breathe through my mouth not to smell it . " But they said they were most shocked by all the young children going through the garbage . These kids were scavenging for metal , plastic , glass and anything else they could sell to a recycler to make money . Each child would make about $ 10 a month at the dump to help out their families , Bill said . A photographer for Chicago sports teams including the Bears and Blackhawks , Bill started snapping pictures of the dump . But the experience haunted him and his wife . "  We were just tourists , " he said . "  But we thought we could help one person . " They came back the next day and decided to focus on a child to save from the dump . One girl stuck out in Lauren 's mind , she said . "  I remember seeing this little girl with the red hat . And I do n't know if it was the red hat or it was her eyes ... these big eyes  that  ... just looked kind of hopeless . " Through their driver , who spoke some English , they found out the girl 's name was Sreyna . They drove her home to talk to her mother about a way to get the 10-year-old out of the dump and into school . When they arrived , they met her sister Salim , 12 , and decided they would help them both . They made a deal with the girls ' mother . "  We 're going to pay you whatever they would make at the dump , " Bill recalled telling the mother . "  We 're going to make sure you have food at the table , and in exchange for this you have to promise us that you 'll make sure they go to school every day . You 'll make sure they stay in school , and you 'll make sure they never go to the dump again . " The mother agreed , and the Smiths gave their trusted driver money to fund the plan for the girls for the next six months . The couple also found two other girls they decided to sponsor during their trip . Returning home to Chicago , the Smiths showed their photos to friends and family and told them what they were doing with the girls . Many decided they wanted to help , too , and gave the Smiths money to fund more children . Bill also started doing fund-raisers with a slide show called "  From the Sports World to the Third World . " He would show his photos of the sports teams he covered and then scenes of orphanages , landmine survivors and the children at the dump in Cambodia . "  By now , the whole room 's in tears , " Bill recalled . A newspaper wrote an article about what the Smiths were doing , and soon they were getting donations from all over the country . They ended up starting a nonprofit organization called A New Day Cambodia . Today , the organization has two centers where they house about 100 girls and boys . And the concept is the same as it was from the start . The group pays the parents what their children would make at the dump in exchange for the kids going to school . And these efforts are paying off . Today , the sisters the Smiths initially helped are attending Harold Washington College in Chicago . Sreyna is studying hospitality , with hopes of working in the hotel and restaurant industry . Salim is studying English and wants to become a teacher . Over the years , they became close to the Smiths , spending a lot of time together traveling . Salim says she feels like they are her second family . Without the Smiths and an education , it 's hard to say where the two girls would be now . "  Education is really important to me personally , because I see it as a bridge , " Sreyna says , adding , "  Education to me is like a second life . " For ways to make an impact on education for girls around the world , check out CNN 's Impact Your World resources or take action with 10x10 . â $ cents More about CNN Films ' "  Girl Rising " project . â $ cents More from CNN 's Impact Your World . â $ cents More about A New Day Cambodia .	U.S. couple were horrified to see kids picking through garbage at a dump in Cambodia The experience haunted Bill and Lauren Smith , and they decided to help two sisters They paid for girls ' education so they would n't have to collect recyclables for money at dump The Smiths later started a nonprofit organization called A New Day Cambodia
Washington  CNN  -- A day after the head of the General Services Administration resigned because of a procurement scandal at the federal agency , officials vowed Tuesday to implement spending reforms and disciplinary action she announced on the way out the door . A letter Monday from now-former GSA Administrator Martha Johnson agreed with the recommendations of the GSA inspector general in a report that documented massive overspending , questionable expenditures and a cavalier attitude toward procurement rules surrounding a regional training conference held in Las Vegas in 2010 . The inspector general 's report on the GSA "  Western Regions " training conference showed the government spent more than $ 822,000 for the 300 attendees , including $ 75,000 on team-building exercises , $ 6,000 on commemorative coins and $ 6,000 on canteens , keychains and T-shirts . Johnson said the details in the report are "  egregious , " and "  absolutely unacceptable , " and she announced measures that include "  disciplinary action against several senior management officials . " Johnson 's letter to the inspector general did not name names , but a congressional panel late Tuesday said the agency 's Public Buildings Service Commissioner Robert Peck was fired . Before she resigned Monday , Johnson canceled certain GSA regional training conferences in the future , put others under the oversight of different agency officials and announced tighter controls and review over GSA 's procurement and contract spending . U.S. House lawmakers now plan a hearing to review the findings and potentially call for additional steps . Florida Republican Rep. John Mica issued a statement saying "  the tab even included a clown for entertainment . This is just the tip of the iceberg . " Mica is chairman of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee , the panel that will hold a hearing on the matter within weeks . The misconduct allegedly started during planning for the Las Vegas event about two years ago . After Johnson 's resignation Monday , the administration named as acting administrator Dan Tangherlini , who was brought over from the U.S. Treasury Department . Tangherlini said in a letter of introduction to GSA employees that the agency was taking some immediate action "  to ensure that our customers maintain their faith in our services . " Those measure include a review of planned conferences and meetings that involve travel or substantial expenditures of public funds and the cancellation of a number of conferences that only or primarily involved staff , he said in the letter . Tangherlini also the agency would evaluate its conference and travel policy and business justification . Among the items cited in the inspector general 's report was a $ 12,000 finder 's fee paid to an outside company to book the "  M Resort " complex and hotel for the convention , despite the fact the GSA has event planners on staff who are supposed to do that on the agency 's behalf . Then there was the food bill . The inspector general 's report hit GSA for catering events portrayed as "  awards " ceremonies , apparently as a pretext to having the expense covered . The "  awards " were for entertainment , in what the investigation said was a talent show among participants . In its findings , the report said : "  The proper purpose of an awards ceremony is to give out awards recognizing significant contributions to the efficiency and effectiveness of government operations , rather than holding an event and giving out awards as an ancillary purpose to justify food . " The investigation was prompted by a GSA deputy administrator , according to the report , who asked for a probe of "  employee misconduct " and questionable spending on activity surrounding the Western Regions conference held at a resort hotel in October , 2010 . GSA employs nearly 13,000 people across the country , and is the federal agency that buys and manages goods and services for the government ranging from envelopes to real estate and office buildings . As staffers got word of the 16-page report , reaction Tuesday was described as grim . GSA press secretary Gregory Mecher told CNN , "  I think there 's a general feeling of being disturbed , and that people are appalled by the report . " Also Tuesday , the watchdog group Common Cause called the report "  mind-boggling , " and praised the GSA official who came forward to make the allegations . In a statement obtained by CNN , Common Cause president Bob Edgar said , "  Every federal employee should be looking at every expenditure with a critical eye and asking : ` Is this necessary ? Does it serve the public interest ? ' " Another group , Public Notice , which urges a policy of fiscal restraint , issued a statement Tuesday that said "  GSA 's boondoggle is a small symptom of a much larger problem " of government overspending . Executive Director Gretchen Hamel called on congressional lawmakers to cross party lines , negotiate and craft a sustainable federal budget .	NEW : Acting GSA head promises immediate action to maintain "  faith in our services " GSA head Martha Johnson resigned Monday over agency spending A government report cited GSA 's spending $ 822,000 on a training conference A House panel plans hearings ; its chairman says , "  This is just the tip of the iceberg "
CNN  -- When Barack Obama is sworn in as president January 20 , there will be music -- by , among others , Aretha Franklin , Yo-Yo Ma , Itzhak Perlman and the U.S. Marine Band . There will be prayers and speeches -- including Obama 's inaugural address . And for the fourth time in the nation 's 56 inauguration ceremonies , there will be poetry -- by someone far less well-known . Elizabeth Alexander says poetry can help solve problems by looking at them from a fresh angle . After the president 's speech , Elizabeth Alexander will read a poem she is writing for the occasion . Alexander is a 46-year-old Yale University professor and a friend and former faculty colleague of Obama 's . She joins three other poets who have read at inaugural ceremonies -- Robert Frost in 1961 for John F. Kennedy 's inauguration and Maya Angelou and Miller Williams , who read at Bill Clinton 's 1993 and 1997 inaugurations . Alexander has written five books of poetry , including "  American Sublime , " a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in 2005 . Her father is Clifford Alexander , secretary of the Army in the Carter administration , and her mother teaches history at George Washington University . Her brother is an adviser to Obama 's transition team . Alexander 's view of poetry is captured in a few lines from "  American Sublime "  Graywolf Press  : Poetry is what you find / in the dirt in the corner , overhear on the bus , God / in the details , the only way to get from here to there . / Poetry  and now my voice is rising is not all love , love , love , / and I 'm sorry the dog died . Poetry  here I hear myself loudest  / is the human voice , and are we not of interest to each other ? Alexander spoke Friday to CNN.com . CNN : What do you think is the role of a poet in a ceremony like this ? Alexander : I think that the fact that President-elect Obama has decided to have a poem in this ceremony is a wonderful affirmation to the power of language , the way in which poetry gives us distilled and mindful and careful language that can both give us a moment of pause , a moment of contemplation and that can also ... look at the world from a slightly different angle . CNN : You met Barack Obama when you were both teaching at the University of Chicago ? Alexander : In the community in Hyde Park , he and Mrs. Obama were just people I 'd heard about for a long time and heard wonderful things about , and we were of a generation . ... He was in the law school , and I was in the Department of English so our day-to-day work did n't really cross so much . ... -LSB- We were in -RSB- the community of people who were at that time in our early 30s , thinking about the different ways that we could contribute to improving things with whatever skills we had -- political skills , intellectual skills , skills in the discipline of law , in literature , artistic skills . That was the common ground , thinking about how we could contribute to bettering our community . CNN : And you did it by writing ? Alexander : By writing and teaching . I 've been a professor for many years now , and I now teach in the African-American studies department and the English Department at Yale . ... My teaching is incredibly important to me ... helping people see that the study of African-American history and culture is fundamental to understanding this country that we live in . It 's been wonderful to be able to share those riches of the culture over the years . CNN : We have this historical moment , the 80th birthday of the Rev. Martin Luther King , the inauguration of the first African-American president . How does that resonate with you ? Alexander : It 's amazing , is n't it ? I just shake my head and say , "  Is n't that something ? " The civil rights struggle in this country and in the world is not over because we have an African-American president . At the same time , this must be recognized as a tremendous moment in our nation 's history . I ca n't tell you how many older people have said to me , "  I never thought I 'd live to see this day . " The fact that this country has -- with a multiracial coalition -- elected an extraordinary president who is African-American really does feel like just an exquisite moment for us to savor even as we recognize there 's still a tremendous amount of work ahead of us . CNN : What 's ahead of us ? Alexander : Oh my goodness , so much . There are wars or conflicts in many different places , there are potentially incipient conflicts in different places , there 's the tremendous challenge of the economy . ... The larger metaphysical challenge is to think about how to work together in new ways that are , if not post-partisan -- because I do n't think there 's anything wrong with partisanship per se -- borne of new coalitions . Within our communities large and small , making new coalitions and finding common ground is absolutely what we 're going to have to do in order to make things better . CNN : Can poetry help in that regard ? Alexander : I do believe that it can . The way in which poetry models precise and mindful language is useful , because after all if we ca n't be precise with language , how can we share ideas ? Also the felicity of art ... the way in which it makes you draw a breath and look at the world in a different way is very useful to the process of thinking through new solutions . You can look straight in front of you and never get any yield to a problem , but if you can look around the back of it or step to the side of it , those are the ways that we experience some movement with calcified problems . CNN : So you 're going to write a poem about health care ? Alexander : That would be fun . Of course , this -LSB- poem for the inauguration -RSB- is an occasional poem , it has to serve the moment , it has to serve the day , right ? So those are the challenges of writing something that makes sense at this moment on this particular day . But of course , what I hope to do , rather than the laundry list poem , is to find language that will hopefully have a little resonance after the day is done . CNN : Will you show it to anybody before you read it ? Alexander : I show it to my husband -LSB- artist Ficre Ghebreyesus -RSB- , and he is my first , last and best critic . CNN : You wrote an essay about Gwendolyn Brooks -LSB- the Pulitzer Prize-winning African-American poet -RSB- in which you said that "  the pressure on creative work can be intense for artists who belong to groups still struggling for their fair shake in society . " And then later on you said you 've seen your work "  overpraised by narrow-minded white critics " and "  criticized small-mindedly by more than one black woman elder poet -- the same poets I imagined would be pleased by it . " Your work is read very differently depending on who 's reading it ? Alexander : I think what I was trying to say is that at the end of the day , demographics does n't really tell you about how your work is going to be received . ... On the one hand , I have devoted much of my work to African-American culture . That 's my group , that 's who I am , -LSB- I 'm -RSB- proud and unambiguous about that -- but at the same time , one of the really great discoveries of a life in poetry has been that poetry is quirky . It reaches people unexpectedly . You really , really ca n't predict who is going to connect with various aspects of your work . That 's been a real gift to me ; it 's made me try not to assume too much about who thinks what and who is able to gain something from work . CNN : You have two children ? Alexander : Two sons , 9 and 10 . CNN : How do they feel about the poem ? Alexander : They are so excited , and that 's of course a lovely thing . And in the excitement , we still live in our every day , so mommy is still mommy , and all the mommy things are expected of me , and that 's the way I like it . CNN : What are your tastes in music ? Alexander : Jazz is the music that I know deepest and love the most , and I mean jazz across the board because that 's an incredibly diverse art , and also I must say , R&B , funk and soul speak very powerfully to me . CNN : Favorite artists ? Alexander : Thelonious Monk is quite a favorite artist . Marvin Gaye , John Coltrane , and also the breadth and accomplishment over a career of Duke Ellington . CNN : And Aretha Franklin ? Alexander : Can you imagine ? I get to hear her at close range . Boy , that 's going to be my gift for the year .	Elizabeth Alexander will be fourth poet to read at an inauguration Alexander : Poetry can provide a fresh way of looking at problems She says poetry is quirky and no one can predict how people will react to it
CNN  -- Comedian Chelsea Handler often aims to spark controversy , and one of her latest Instagram snapshots is no exception . It shows Handler posing topless astride a horse in the style of a famous photo of Russian President Vladimir Putin . Her message : "  Anything a man can do , a woman has the right to do better . #kremlin " Instagram pulled the photo down more than once , according to Handler , because it violated the company 's standards . Handler posted a notice from Instagram that says the photo does n't follow the app 's community guidelines , which specify , "  Accounts found sharing nudity or mature content will be disabled and your access to Instagram may be discontinued . " Handler argues that the company 's implementation of its policy is sexist . "  If a man posts a photo of his nipples , it 's ok , but not a woman ? Are we in 1825 ? " Instagram has not responded to requests for comment . The topic of women having the right to go topless on social media was addressed by Scout Willis , daughter of actors Demi Moore and Bruce Willis , in May when she posted photos to Twitter of herself walking topless in New York . Willis chastised Instagram for its nudity policy in the tweets : "  Legal in NYC but not on @instagram " and "  What @instagram wo n't let you see #FreeTheNipple . " Handler has apparently decided that Instagram is too restrictive for her purposes . She posted a photo of her adorable pups to the site Friday along with a farewell message . "  You can now find my dogs and my breasts on Twitter only where my followers have the right to choose what they say . Bye bye instablock . " .	Comedian Chelsea Handler 's topless photo was pulled from Instagram Handler posed atop a horse like Russian President Vladimir Putin Some have said the company 's nudity policy is unfair to women
CNN  -- A child throwing a ball . On the face of it , a simple act , but for four-year old Hannah Mohn this is a milestone . Hannah was born with the neuromuscular disease arthrogryposis , which makes her joints curve and muscles extremely weak . She ca n't lift her arms very high without help . "  We knew about five months into the pregnancy that something was not right , " says Hannah 's mother , Jennifer Mohn . "  We were told that they did not believe that she would survive birth and that we should really think about what we wanted done and make arrangements for the day that she were to be born . " Hannah survived , but with severe challenges and a long road ahead . Jennifer explains : "  When we saw my pediatrician ... for one of her first visits , she said even if her legs do n't work well enough for her to walk , the biggest thing that we need to work on is making sure that her hands and arms are working to the fullest extent , because if she has use of her hands and arms , she will be able to care for herself . If she does n't have the ability to use her legs , she can at least use a wheelchair . And that stuck with me . " Hannah 's chance at a normal life came aged 18 months , when she visited the dupont Hospital for Children in Wilmington , Delaware -- a leading hospital in the United States . She began using a device the hospital designed , called the "  WREX " -- robotic arms made from 3-D printing . "  WREX stands for Wilmington Robotic Exoskeleton , " explains Whitney Sample , a research design engineer at the hospital . "  Most of the kids that we deal with have neuromuscular issues that affect their ability to raise their arms . So they have a lot of difficulty getting their hand to their mouth , doing typical activities of daily living -- combing their hair , scratching their nose ... so it allows their arm to pretty much float . " The WREX uses special elastic bands to give a child 's arm a weightless feeling . "  The mechanism is similar to how a luxo lamp works to make it ` effortless ' to move and position the head of the lamp , " says Sample . It 's a life-changing device , and one that 's benefitted hugely from 3-D printing . Producing components on site by printing them layer by layer greatly reduces the time it takes to create a WREX . "  We can print a full set of plastic parts for one pair of WREXs for one patient overnight , and by the end of the next work day we can clean the parts and have the WREX fully assembled , " says Sample , adding that metal components must also be made by traditional methods prior to assembly . Read more : How 3D printing will reshape the world Even after 25 years designing devices for those with disabilities , Sample still gets emotional when children he has helped thank him for the difference he 's making . When one child was given a school assignment to write a story about their personal hero , they chose to write about Sample . "  It 's really nice to have that recognition when the families come back and say ` Hey , this has been wonderful for us , ' " he says . Arthrogryposis is a condition that affects one in 3,000 children born in the United States , according to the American Association of Neuromuscular and Electrodiagnostic Medicine . The dupont Hospital for Children says it sees a little more than 30 new cases each year . "  We treat all spectrums of orthopedic disease , " says Dr. William Mackenzie , chair of the hospital 's orthopedics department . "  3-D printing is allowing us to build devices very precisely -- to build a device that can be attached and be closely adapted to that individual person 's physique and improve function . "  The next step , we think , is when we could put small motors in these joints that the child would control with either a twitch of the muscle or perhaps a laser . We do n't know quite how might it be controlled , but we see that that is the future of the WREX . " Read more : ` The night I invented 3D printing ' The device has helped improve Hannah 's movements , even when she is not using it . "  The biggest change that we 've seen is the ability for her to reach up higher and the ability to sustain that , " says Jennifer . "  Her elbows are typically stuck at her sides and that 's where she 's been limited to raising her arms and reaching for things . "  She 's gaining muscle strength in her arms that she has n't had . It definitely teaches her about things with different textures and colors , shapes and where things go and how things work . " Teaching her , and opening up a future that knows no limits . "  My hope is that she grows up to be as independent as she can , " says Jennifer . "  I 'd love to see her go to college . As sassy as she is and as much as she likes to be in charge , she might run for president someday -- who knows ? "  Up to this point there has n't been much that she has let stop her . Whatever it is , she 's going to achieve it . " Read more : How a 3-D printed arm gave hope to boy maimed by bomb Mark Tutton also contributed to this report .	Hannah Mohn was born with a disease that makes her muscles weak She uses an exoskeleton called a "  WREX " -- robotic arms made from 3-D printing It allows her to raise her arms without assistance
CNN  -- Over the past two days , President Barack Obama has finally weighed in on the tragic shooting of Michael Brown , as well as the wave of protests that emerged in its aftermath . In an official White House statement on Wednesday and a brief speech from Martha 's Vineyard on Thursday , the President played his usual role of "  the uniter , " preaching calm and healing to the American public . I wish he 'd just said nothing . To be clear , I did n't have any unrealistic expectations for Obama . I did n't expect him to pump a black fist in solidarity or scream "  fight the power " from the makeshift press room . I did n't even need him to take a clear side on the issue . I did , however , expect him to tell the truth . Instead , the President delivered a polite but ultimately dangerous message to the American public . Noticeably absent from President Obama 's remarks was the issue of race . Despite Ferguson being 68 % black , Ferguson 's police force is nearly all white . Blacks in the town comprise 86 % of all vehicle stops and 85 % of all arrests . Over the past week , black residents of the town have complained of racial harassment from law enforcement . That , combined with the trend of unarmed black men being the victims of extrajudicial killings , makes the racial implications of Brown 's death quite strong . Even if one were to believe that Michael Brown 's killing had nothing to do with race -- a naÃ ¯ ve position at best -- the wave of protests and debates that emerged after it happened have been undeniably racial . By not mentioning this racial dimension , the President reinforced the immature notion that racism can be defeated simply by pretending it does n't exist . Full coverage on Ferguson shooting Rather than leading the nation into a new level of racial understanding and dialogue , the President took the safe path through the door of post-racial rhetoric . Obama has also placed the highest priority on remaining calm . While this may seem reasonable on its face , particularly against the backdrop of rioting and looting , his words failed to acknowledge the legitimacy of black anger . Black people die violent deaths way out of proportion to their numbers , sometimes killed by rogue cops and even more often each other . Why would we not be angry ? Opinion : Obama needs to lead on racial profiling legislation But unlike black-on-black violence , which is tragic but typically punished through proper legal channels , killings of unarmed young people by law enforcement continue to happen with impunity . Instead of acknowledging the legitimacy of black anger over this , the President simply told us to calm down and stop looting . In doing so , he joined the chorus of far too many politicians and civil rights leaders who understate and trivialize righteous anger in order to show the public that they have "  the people " under control . Perhaps most frustrating , however , was the president 's insistence on using the language of equivalence when describing the rioting . Similar to his "  Philadelphia Compromise " speech on race back in in 2008 , where he ignored the legacy of white supremacy and placed the racial frustrations of white and black Americans on equal historical tiers , Obama chided both black rioters and Ferguson police with the same moral tone . The President ignored the fact that the militarized Ferguson police force were the antagonists of the unrest , in both shooting the unarmed Brown and then using excessive force during the protests . In doing so , he  perhaps unwittingly  supported the narrative in some quarters of well-intentioned police officers whose hands were forced by violent natives .	In Brown shooting , Obama preached calm . Marc Lamont Hill would rather he 'd said nothing He says Obama left out mention of race , a clear factor in police antagonism in Ferguson He says extrajudicial killings of blacks undeniable ; Obama comments left this out Hill : Obama chided protester , cops in same moral tone ; equivalence gave cops cover
CNN  -- Arizona authorities on Monday arrested the mother of a 5-year-old girl last seen more than a month ago , a police sergeant said . Jerice Hunter was "  placed under arrest for child abuse directly related to her daughter , Jhessye Shockley , " Glendale Police Sgt. Brent Coombs told reporters . "  Our investigators are still working diligently to locate Jhessye , " he said . "  This is a step down that path . " None of the leads about the girl 's whereabouts has panned out , Coombs said . But he did say that information about her mother , Hunter , proved to "  have substance to the investigation  and  have proven to be accurate , as far as we can tell . " Jhessye allegedly wandered out of her Glendale home on October 11 , unnoticed by her 13 - , 9 - and 6-year-old siblings who were supposed to be watching her . Her mother contacted police , saying she did so after she could n't find her daughter when she returned home from an errand . The siblings were later interviewed separately by experts and have maintained they do not know what happened to Jhessye , Coombs said previously . Soon after reporting the girl missing , Hunter pleaded for the public 's help . "  Please bring my baby back . ... Her safe return is all I want , " Hunter said last month . "  She belongs to this family . ... She 's somebody 's child . Mine . Please bring my child home . " Since then , Hunter has "  not been cooperative with respect to a polygraph " test , which police asked her to take , Coombs said Monday . He described Hunter as the "  lone focus " in the investigation . Still , he did not rule out that others might be involved . "  We 're not so shortsighted to think that there may not have been an additional person or persons who may ... have helped , " Coombs said . The reward for information leading to Jhessye , as well as to those responsible for her disappearance , has increased to $ 25,000 , Coombs said Monday . Jhessye is described as a black female about 3 feet 5 inches tall , 55 pounds , with black hair in a ponytail and brown eyes . She was last seen wearing a white T-shirt , blue jean shorts and pink sandals . Given the time that has passed , the police sergeant conceded , "  We do not believe that it will be likely that we will find Jhessye alive . "	Jhessye Shockley was reported missing on October 11 in Glendale , Arizona Her mother has said the girl wandered away while at home with her siblings She earlier pleaded in the media , "  Please bring my baby back " The mother is accused of "  child abuse directly related to her daughter , " police say
New York  CNN  -- Seventeen families from the New York City borough of Queens are planning to sue the Long Island Power Authority  LIPA  , blaming the company for a devastating fire that destroyed more than 130 homes during Superstorm Sandy . "  Damages were sustained as a result of the negligence , gross negligence , carelessness and recklessness of the Long Island Power Authority , " the plaintiffs say in their "  notice of claim , " which is a filing required in many areas before a lawsuit can occur . "  At no time before or during the storm surge in Breezy Point  a Queens beachside neighborhood  , and in the Rockaway Peninsula , generally , did respondent Long Island Power Authority suspend provision of electricity in those areas , " the plaintiffs state . The notice of claim maintains that despite flood and storm warnings , and knowledge that Breezy Point was in the mandatory evacuation zone , LIPA failed to shut down or "  de-energize " power in the area , which would have prevented the blaze . Wind , rain , snow and fire : The storm that broke records -- and hearts A spokesman for LIPA , Mark Gross , said Tuesday : "  We reviewed the notices of claim , and have no comment at this time . " The claim quotes New York City Fire Commissioner Salvatore Cassano as saying the fires "  were sparked by sea water impacting electrical systems and components in and around these structures . " Referring to the plantiffs in the case , the notice of claim declares , "  The Breezy Point neighborhood , including  plaintiffs ' houses  , turned into an inferno ... The fire spread to destroy more than 130 homes and severely damaged approximately 30 others . " The filing also contends that LIPA knew the risks posed by the impending floodwater , and says that the company took necessary precautions in other parts of Long Island and had taken similar steps in Breezy Point during past storms . "  There 's no rational reason for not cutting the power , " said Bob Sullivan , a partner at Sullivan , Papain , Block , McGrath & Cannavo , the firm representing the plaintiffs . "  To temporarily cut that power would have prevented these fires . " Interactive : Superstorm Sandy 's victims Linda Strong , one of the plaintiffs , was born in Breezy Point and lost the house she moved into in 1979 during the fire . "  I went to my son 's in Bensonhurst and their power was turned off because of the water coming up , " Strong told CNN . Sitting in candlelight at her son 's house , Strong thought the same precautionary measures had been taken in her community . "  I had no idea my house was burning down , " she said . The 17 claimant families plan to seek $ 1 million each in damages , according to the notice of claim . Sullivan said he expects that additional parties will be permitted to make subsequent claims , given the circumstances surrounding the case . "  I think the lawsuit has teeth , " Sullivan told CNN . "  I think it 'll be successful . By the numbers : Superstorm Sandy	The NYC borough of Queens was hit hard by Superstorm Sandy In one neighborhood , a fire destroyed scores of homes In a planned lawsuit , families want to hold the Long Island Power Authority responsible Families say LIPA was negligence in not shutting off electricity to the area
CNN  -- Paris is perpetually one of the world 's most popular cities . And the 16 million tourists who travel to the home of La Tour Eiffel and the Louvre leave a whopping $ 17.8 billion behind during their trips , according to MasterCard 's 2012 Global Destination Cities Index . While Paris is n't generally a place you go to save money , it can be done . Even in this pricey place , the clever traveler can track down activities , services and just plain pleasures that do n't cost a single centime . Here 's a list of 10 fabulous and free finds in the City of Light . Tour the city for free . Spend an hour or 90 minutes strolling city streets on free tours -- except for the voluntary tips you give -- with Parisian natives through Discover Walks . Held 363 days a year -- each day except December 24 and 25 -- these rain-or-shine , small-group tours show you the Right and Left Bank , Notre Dame , the hip-and-trendy Marais and the picturesque city village of Montmartre . Just show up ready to walk . You do n't even have to book in advance unless you 're bringing a group of eight or more . Soak up the organ sounds at Saint-Sulpice . Here 's a favorite of "  Europe Through the Back Door " travel guru and public television series host Rick Steves . The Left Bank church of Saint-Sulpice -- which gained fame thanks to its prominent role as a location in "  The Da Vinci Code " -- has a pipe organ tradition dating back to the mid-16th century . Visitors can climb up a spiral staircase to the organ loft to meet multilingual virtuoso Daniel Roth after the 10:30 a.m. Sunday Mass and subsequent organ recital . Guests can watch this living legend play one of Europe 's most majestic pipe organs during the 12:05 p.m. Mass. . Amazing grace , indeed . Drink up -- at a sparkling water fountain . Leave it to Paris to create a public water tap -- inside a lovely park , no less -- with the bubbly stuff . For the past couple years , the Jardin de Reuilly in the city 's southeast 12th arrondissement has been serving up cooled sparkling water to quench Parisian thirsts  available any time the park is open  . The park 's La Pétillante public fountain was the first in France to add carbon dioxide to the city 's tap water , and locals lapped it up by bringing their own bottles to fill . You 'd expect no less in the country that gave the world Perrier . On a clear day you can see ... Sure , you can climb to the top of the Arc de Triomphe or Eiffel Tower , but some of the City of Light 's most stunning -- and free ! -- views can be found from the roof terrace of the Left Bank 's Institut du Monde Arabe . An über-modern , curved-façade facility designed by famed French architect Jean Nouvel , the Institut was founded by 18 Arab nations and France to take a multidisciplinary look at the Islamic Arab world . It allows visitors , whether or not they 're visiting the Institut 's recently revamped museum , library or bookshops , to take its glass elevator up to the ninth floor terrace . From here , gaze out at Notre Dame , the Centre Pompidou or the landmark column standing in Place de la Bastille . Under 26 ? Catch up on contemporary French art at MAC/VAL -- the Musée d'Art Contemporain du Val de Marne . Who says youth is wasted on the young ? Not if they 're lovers of contemporary art and artists like Christian Boltanski , Bruno Perramant and Gina Pane . Here , out in the ` burb of Vitry-sur-Seine , MAC/VAL offers visitors a range of French modern art from the 1950s through today . And if these visitors are under 26 , they get to experience it all gratis  flash an ID to borrow a free audio guide  . From established talent to emerging artists , you 'll find them at MAC/VAL , which hosts three to four temporary exhibits each year . Look for the loos . Most folks do n't get particularly psyched about toilets . But when they 're the space-age , self-cleaning , pod-like gray structures dotting the Parisian streetscape , you just might . You 'll find 400 of these disabled-accessible bathrooms scattered all around Paris  they 're open between 6 a.m. and 10 p.m.  near major tourist spots , food markets and taxi stands . Each time a visitor uses these "  sanisettes , " the toilet bowl and floor are automatically cleaned , dried and disinfected -- and they contain coat hooks , a mirror and sink . And with natural roof lighting , reduced water use and renewable-source electricity , they 're eco-friendly to boot . Mother Nature must be thrilled . Life 's a beach  during the summer , at least  . So what if the Seine River that snakes through Paris has no beach ? This city is nothing if not inventive -- so Mayor Bertrand Delanoë spearheaded the creation of Paris Plages , man-made "  beaches " that offer locals and tourists alike a "  Seine-side holiday " each summer . Starting around July 20 and for four weeks after , the city closes the streets along the river , brings in tons of sand and palm trees and offers a slew of entertaining options from beach volleyball to kayaking to open-air concerts on three different "  beaches . " Of course , this being France , riverside cafés , restaurants and ice cream vendors are de rigueur . You 'll have to wait 'til next year to take advantage of the next installment , but what a Parisian way to spend those dog days of summer , from 8 a.m. to midnight . Make it a museum . Just like museums in most world-class cities , many of those within Paris open themselves to visitors free of charge one day a week . In the City of Light , that 's the first Sunday of each month . Save those euros for a few café au laits or souvenirs and check out the Louvre , the Musée d'Orsay and the Musée National Rodin  hello , The Thinker !  , among others . Some , like the Musée Carnavalet , offer free admission to their permanent and themed collections each day . For those seeking a free dose of nighttime culture -- and who visit Paris in mid-May -- Nuit des Musées is just the ticket . Nearly 200 city museums keep their doors open during this one night from 6 p.m. until at least midnight . See Paris through local eyes . There 's nothing like traipsing through a city with a local resident by your side . The Parisien d'Un Jour , Paris Greeter program , pairs city visitors with regular residents -- students , working people , retirees and others . These folks are n't formal guides or interpreters , just passionate Parisians willing to spend two or three hours walking with groups of six or fewer tourists , showing off their favorite areas and spots based on your interests and language . Just go online to register .  Paris Greeters welcome visitors with disabilities , too .  Got questions about navigating the Métro or Parisian quirks ? Ask away . And while the service is free , the program happily accepts donations . Savor free sounds on Sunday . As it has since the early 1930s , the American Church in Paris has hosted the Atelier Concert Series , which offers a performance venue to musicians of diverse backgrounds and musical styles . Staged at the legendary Left Bank church every Sunday at 5 p.m. from September to November and January through June , music lovers will hear everything from classical pianists to opera singers to flute-and-guitar ensembles . Feel like giving thanks ? Drop something in the voluntary offering at the door . Maureen Jenkins is a freelance travel and food writer who lives outside Paris and blogs at UrbanTravelGirl.com .	Free programs pair tourists with locals to explore the city Take in views from the top of the Left Bank 's Institut du Monde Arabe at no cost Free concerts and museum admission give visitors a complimentary taste of culture
CNN  -- A U.S. drone crashed Saturday in Pakistan 's tribal region , U.S. and Pakistani officials said . The cause of the crash was unknown , but a U.S. official denied reports that the drone had been shot down . Two Pakistani intelligence officials told CNN that witnesses in North Waziristan reported the crash near the village of Machikhel . The Pakistanis had only these witness accounts to go by , and were working to verify the crash and its causes with its own sources , the officials said . North Waziristan is one of seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region and widely believed to be a sanctuary for the Haqqani network and other militant groups that fuel the insurgency across the border in Afghanistan . Two drone strikes killed 12 suspected insurgents in the region on February 16 . The United States does not publicly acknowledge its drone program , although President Barack Obama commented on such strikes in January and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta acknowledged the use of CIA predator drones in the region last year . The CIA did not comment on Saturday 's incident . CNN 's Pam Benson and Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	A U.S. official confirms that a drone crashed in Pakistan Pakistan officials have witnesses who saw the drone go down The cause of the crash is under investigation
Moscow  CNN  -- Former Soviet leader and Nobel Peace Prize winner Mikhail Gorbachev is warning that Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi could be chased out of his own country if he does not begin to bend to the will of the people . "  Gadhafi reacted so ruthlessly that he might end up being forced out  of his country  . I do n't want to make predictions or anything , but he 's shooting at people ; he is using the military and weapons against defenseless people , " Gorbachev said . In a wide-ranging news conference to announce nominees for his new Gorbachev Awards for "  world changers , " Gorbachev weighed in on protests rattling the Middle East and criticized the Libyan regime for brutally repressing its own people . "  People are trying to get of out poverty , and they 've got nothing to lose . I think it 's now very important that Europe and the United States respond to this situation very responsibly , " he said . The former Soviet leader had blunt criticism for leaders in his own country as well . Gorbachev blamed both President Dmitry Medvedev and Prime Minister Vladimir Putin for the state of Russian democracy , calling its institutions "  fake . " He added that both are showing incredible arrogance and disrespect for voters when suggesting that they would discuss between the two of them who should run for president in 2012 . Gorbachev has been ever more outspoken in recent weeks in criticizing Russian leaders , saying he sees the country becoming increasingly entrenched in a dangerous , authoritarian system . In an interview with a Russian newspaper he co-owns , Gorbachev said he was trying to start a new political party but has been blocked by the Kremlin . He claims Kremlin bosses refuse to officially register and recognize his new social democratic party . Gorbachev says Russia is in need of a democratic revival . Many Russians are ambivalent toward Gorbachev and his legacy . While many concede he brought real change to their lives with greater freedoms under Perestroika and with the dissolution of the Soviet Union , many also blame him for hardships that came afterward . Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	Gadhafi is "  using the military ... against defenseless people , " Mikhail Gorbachev says Europe , U.S. need to "  respond to this situation very responsibly , " he says Former Soviet leader also has harsh criticism for Dmitry Medvedev and Vladimir Putin The Russian leaders are to blame for Russia 's "  fake " democratic institutions , he says
CNN  -- Iran denied reports of a grenade exploding near the convoy of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad during his visit to a western Iranian city Wednesday . The semi-official Fars News Agency and several other outlets had reported the incident , in which Ahmadinejad was unhurt . But the media department at Iran 's presidential office denied there was an attack . Media advisor Ali Akbar Javanfekr told CNN that the grenade was a toy firecracker and accused international journalists of blowing the story out of proportion . "  This was someone playing with a firecracker , the kind children play with , the kind you use when you want to celebrate , " Javanfekr said . "  This was a toy and there were no injuries but the western media took and made it bigger than it is . " Did you see the reported incident ? Share your video , photos Despite the denial , there was an account about the incident on Raja news , a rightist website linked to some members of parliament that has in the past both supported and criticized Ahmadinejad . The site reported there had been a grenade attack and quoted the Fars news account . Someone lobbed a homemade grenade just after the president 's motorcade went by , Fars reported . The suspect was arrested , according to both reports . The grenade exploded during the president 's visit to the city of Hamedan , reported parlemannews.com . The account was also carried by the conservative website Khabar Online . The presidential convoy was headed from the airport to the city 's sports stadium . The reports also said that Ahmadinejad warned on Tuesday that "  Zionists " were plotting to kill him . Iran uses the word "  Zionists " to refer to Israel . White House aides said they were aware of the conflicting reports , according to a senior U.S. administration official , and were seeking more information to sort out what happened . CNN 's Ed Henry contributed to this report	NEW : Iran 's media advisor said western journalists blew the story out of proportion A man threw a grenade at Ahmadinejad 's convoy , Iranian reports said The White House is seeking more information to determine what happened
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- The United Nations is desperately trying to convince donors to get generous with their pocketbooks in order to stave off further suffering in the famine-wracked Horn of Africa . The global body said almost $ 2.5 billion is needed to cope with the crisis . So far , it has only received 48 % of that and is lacking $ 1.2 billion . For Somalia , where the United Nations has declared famine in five southern regions , the United Nations has received about half of the roughly $ 1 billion needed . "  There 's been an initial response but it needs to be sustained and we are still far short of the $ 1 billion target that we set ourselves with some very worrying gaps , " said Mark Bowden , the U.N. coordinator for Somalia . Impact Your World : How you can help Bowden said the United Nations will have to go back to donors and ask for more food . But the health sector is also an area of concern . "  What happens during famine is that people die of epidemic diseases like measles and malaria ... and if we ca n't support health activities then we will lose a lot of lives unnecessarily . " "  We 're worried that people are going to die in the next month or so and inevitably more areas will slip in to famine conditions , " he said . The situation is particularly grave in southern Somalia , where almost 3 million people are in need of immediate assistance . In Mogadishu , U.N. agencies are assessing their ability to scale up operations after the militant Islamic group Al-Shabaab announced a withdrawal from the war-torn capital . But U.N. officials have said it is too early to gauge the consequences of the Al-Shabaab pullout . Aid continues to reach Mogadishu by sea and air , but supplies are low . In Al-Shabaab 's absence , more Somalis have found the courage to defy the group 's ban on foreign aid and seek refuge in government held areas . Saacid , a local aid group that runs a children 's feeding center , fed 18,000 children last month . This month , it 's expecting to see 25,000 children . At Banadiir Hospital , which houses Somalia 's largest children 's ward , the doctors work without electricity or running water . They are even running out of the saline drips used to rehydrate the malnourished . Luwal Mohamed , the doctor in charge , said supplies are so scant that it 's easier to count what the hospital has rather than what it does n't . "  The supplies that are missing is the essential equipment for lifesaving like oxygen machines , monitoring , blood pressure measurements , stethoscopes , " Mohamed said . The United States announced Thursday an additional $ 17 million for the crisis , with $ 12 million designated for Somalia . The U.S. money is on top of the $ 105 million in emergency funding President Barack Obama announced Monday . "  What is happening in the Horn of Africa is the most severe humanitarian emergency in the world today and the worst that East Africa has seen in several decades , " said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Meanwhile , the Somali Football Federation lauded a $ 1 million donation from the governing body of international soccer . "  The FIFA humanitarian response shows that the world football governing body is not only confined to promoting football development in the lawless country , but also FIFA is playing a very big role in saving the vulnerable Somalis including some displaced by wars and draughts and some disabled by the long-exciting civil strife in the country , " said a statement from the Somali federation . The United Nations expects the Horn of Africa emergency to persist for several months and the number of people needing help to go up by 25 % . CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Mogadishu and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	The United Nations has received 48 % of what it needs for Africa crisis The global body has deep concerns that many more people will die The shortages of food and medical supplies are acute in Mogadishu The U.S. pledges $ 17 million more for the crisis
Cambridge , Massachusetts  CNN  -- Millions of Iranians poured into the streets Saturday to celebrate the victory of presidential candidate Hassan Rouhani . Huge crowds snarled traffic in the capital , Tehran , demanding the release of hundreds of political prisoners arrested during protests over sham elections four years ago . "  My dead brother and sister , I got your vote back , " people chanted , a reference to more than 100 demonstrators killed by the regime . The surprise was not so much that 18 million votes were cast for Rouhani , slightly more than half the ballots , but the fact that the regime had endorsed his victory , triggering hope that international pressure over Iran 's nuclear program and growing internal rifts at home might have forced the leadership to restore some of its lost legitimacy . Rouhani is not a reformist , even according to Iranian standards . He had backed the violent crackdown against the pro-democracy student movement in 1999 and never formally aligned himself with the reformist camp . A cleric and a veteran politician since 1979 , he was in the circle close to the founder of the revolution , Ayatollah Khomeini . He served five terms as a member of Parliament and 16 years as the head of the National Security Council . During the campaign , he presented himself as a moderate , a platform that appeals to Iran 's young electorate , and called for drawing Iran out of its international isolation . "  It is important for the centrifuges to spin , but people 's lives should run too , " he said in a televised address , referring to uranium enrichment . He gained momentum only a few days before the election when two former presidents , both aligned with the reformers , Mohammad Khatami and Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , threw their support behind him . Then voters decided to give the polls , as a window to exercise their democratic rights , another try . Ironically , Rouhani , the only cleric among the eight candidates , favors more political and social freedoms at home . During one of his talks , his supporters chanted slogans demanding the release of opposition leaders , Mehdi Karroubi and Mir Hossein Moussavi , the two presidential candidates in 2009 who have been under house arrest for two years . Opinion : Will Rouhani alter Iran 's policy on Syria ? The Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , along with his military loyalists , the Revolutionary Guards and its militia wing Basij -- the alliance that many believe stole the election in favor of the incumbent Mahmoud Ahmadinejad -- still remain in ultimate power . Many had suspected that the regime would go to extraordinary lengths , as it did in 2009 , to manage the vote from start to finish . The Guards and the Basij campaigned vigorously for Saeed Jalili , a Khamenei loyalist and Iran 's hard-line nuclear negotiator . His loss with less than 15 % of the vote was an embarrassing rebuke of Khamenei 's policies . Last month , demonstrators chanted "  Death to Dictator , " meaning Khamenei , at the funeral of a dissident cleric in the city of Isfahan . So by giving in to Rouhani 's victory , many believe Khamenei is trying fix his tattered image . Rouhani is Iran 's next president Although the election was far from democratic , it provided an opportunity for many Iranians , especially the young , to break the deadly atmosphere of fear the government has imposed for the past four years . The watchdog Guardian Council had already helped Khamenei sideline his rivals , barring a prominent politician and a former president , Rafsanjani , from running in the race . Government forces arrested activists and campaigners in the months before the election . Economic issues were paramount on the minds of voters as U.S.-led sanctions have reduced Iran 's oil revenue by half and shot the inflation rate up to more than 30 % . Voters recalled Rouhani as the county 's pragmatist nuclear envoy who deterred threats in 2003 by signing the Additional Protocol , allowing inspectors from the International Atomic Energy Agency to visit Iran 's nuclear facilities . Further , Iran suspended its sensitive uranium enrichment activities , a process that can be used to make nuclear fuel or a nuclear bomb if uranium is enriched to high levels . Those measures built trust around Iran 's nuclear program until Ahmadinejad reversed them in 2005 . It is not clear if Khamenei 's hard-line allies will allow Rouhani to introduce real change . The president sets the tone for domestic and foreign policy and can make room for more moderate voices in politics . But he holds little power compared with the authority that the constitution gives Khamenei . If Khamenei is willing to end international pressure over Iran 's nuclear program , Rouhani provides the perfect opportunity . Rouhani 's victory has already bolstered a sense of optimism . Iranian currency , the rial , strengthened slightly against the U.S. dollar for the first time on Saturday after its steady downward spiral since 2011 . In his first message after his election , Rouhani declared that "  a new chapter " has begun and hoped the international community would use a more respectful rhetoric toward Iran . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Nazila Fathi .	Nazila Fathi : Half the votes were for Rouhani , but government 's support is surprising Fathi : He supports enrichment of uranium : "  It is important for the centrifuges to spin " Rouhani was the only cleric to run , she says , but he favors political and social freedoms Fathi : Victory sparked optimism , hopes for respect from international community
CNN  -- Bake sales and recycling are common fundraising tactics in middle school . But Tara Suri was n't baking cupcakes for just any common cause . Her cause was hope , literally . Tara Suri 's organization helps orphans in Sudan and India attend school . When Tara was 13 , she was more than saddened by a trip to India with her family . From her sadness sprung the idea of trying to help the orphans in India and Sudan whom she saw abandoned by their parents , sometimes found in garbage dumps . "  It was somewhat of a revelation for me , " said Tara . "  It was the first time I recognized the economic disparities and the gender inequalities that were there . And that really touched me and I knew I had to do something about it . " So she started H.O.P.E. , or Helping Orphans Pursue Education . The organization aims to give kids the opportunity to achieve their full potential with the basics , like a sturdy roof over their heads , that Tara and her friends sometimes took for granted back in Scarsdale , New York . The organization "  sees education as a fundamental building block towards eradicating poverty and as a global solution to all the problems we currently face in the world , " said Tara . Watch Tara 's CNN.com Live interview " Now , at 16 , she has expanded her cause with an umbrella organization called Aandolan , which means "  a movement for change " in Hindi . Through that fundraising group , Tara runs Turn Your World Around and Connect a Kid along with H.O.P.E. , and gives a lot of it to kids growing up continents away who are in sad situations . E-mail to a friend	At 13 , Tara Suri founded an organization to help orphans attend school Check out the YPWR blog to meet the latest featured young person iReport.com : Do you know someone who rocks ? Let us know
CNN  -- Stop stripping . Stop letting yourself be "  pimped . " And for heaven 's sake , stop licking sledgehammers , Miley . That 's the advice from Irish singer Sinead O'Connor , who 's penned a motherly , if expletive-laden open letter to former Disney star Miley Cyrus in the wake of a controversial video music awards show performance and the video for her latest single , "  Wrecking Ball . " "  Nothing but harm will come in the long run , from allowing yourself to be exploited , and it is absolutely NOT in ANY way an empowerment of yourself or any other young women , for you to send across the message that you are to be valued  even by you  more for your sexual appeal than your obvious talent , " the 46-year-old singer says in the letter posted on her official website . Confessions of pop 's wildest child Cyrus , 20 , was the subject of widespread scorn in August , when she danced provocatively in a skimpy outfit during MTV 's Video Music Awards show . Soon after , she released the video for her latest single , in which she rides a wrecking ball while nude and suggestively licks a sledgehammer . Gauging reaction to Sinead O'Connor 's open letter to Miley Cyrus "  I am extremely concerned for you that those around you have led you to believe , or encouraged you in your own belief , that it is in any way ` cool ' to be naked and licking sledgehammers in your videos , " O'Connor wrote . "  It is in fact the case that you will obscure your talent by allowing yourself to be pimped , whether it 's the music business or yourself doing the pimping . " In a Rolling Stone article , Cyrus compared her look in the "  Wrecking Ball " video to O'Connor 's style in her iconic 1990 video for "  Nothing Compares 2 U. " But O'Connor said she chose the shaved-head look in direct defiance of music industry executives who wanted her to present a sexier appearance . Miley and Liam 's engagement is off She said the music industry does n't care much about Cyrus . "  They will prostitute you for all you are worth , and cleverly make you think it 's what YOU wanted , " she said . ` Miley : The Movement ' : Five takeaways While Cyrus has n't directly commented on the letter , she appeared to respond Thursday with a pair of tweets . One made apparent references to O'Connor 's previous struggles with mental illness , and the other showed a picture of O'Connor tearing up a picture of Pope John Paul II in 1992 . O'Connor was in the news in 2011 , when her online efforts to find a "  sweet sex-starved man " went viral . Billy Ray on his daughter : ` That 's still my Miley '	NEW : Cyrus responds , references O'Connor 's past struggles with mental illness You 're sending a bad message and hurting yourself , O'Connor warns Cyrus "  I am extremely concerned for you , " O'Connor writes in letter to the former Disney star The music industry just wants to make money off Cyrus ' youth and beauty , she says
Mashable  -- On Sunday , Skype 2.0 was launched for the iPhone 3G , bringing a long-sought feature to the table : making calls over 3G . By now , 5 million users have downloaded the application from the iTunes Store , showing just how important this feature is to users . Unfortunately , the new feature was accompanied by an unpleasant announcement ; after August 2010 , Skype will start charging a monthly fee for the 3G calling feature on top of whatever fee you 're already paying your mobile operator for data transfer . Skype promises the fee will be reasonable . "  We 're not going to want to price ourselves out of the market . I ca n't ignore the fact that consumers  currently  use us for free , " said Russ Shaw , Skype 's general manager for mobile . Still , one can not help but wonder how the users will react when faced with a double fee for mobile VoIP calls . How do you feel about it ? Will you continue using Skype over 3G after the fee is introduced ? © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	On Sunday , Skype 2.0 was launched for the iPhone 3G After August 2010 , Skype will start charging a monthly fee for the 3G calling The fee is in addition to what you 're paying your mobile operator for data transfer
CNN  -- There will be many star golfers swinging irons at the Olympic Club starting Thursday , but for the next few days all eyes will be on Tiger Woods . The burning question for many fans watching the action in San Francisco is which Tiger Woods will show up for the U.S. Open . Will it be the resurgent Woods that stormed to a recent victory at the Memorial ? Or will it be the injury-plagued , mediocre-putting Woods that has struggled to compete in recent years ? Some say Woods ' triumphant win at Memorial on June 3 , featuring a dazzling shot and his reminiscent fist pump , may foreshadow what will be seen in San Francisco . Can Tiger Woods crack the U.S. Open 's ` graveyard of champions ? ' "  Tiger 's performance at Memorial bodes well for him at the U.S. Open , " said Peter Dixon , a golf correspondent for British newspaper The Times . "  He seems to have got his swing under control and is now able to move the ball in both directions -- which will be needed at the Olympic Club . " The Tiger Woods ' fall-from-grace story has been told and retold so many times that some have been looking for the once-dominant golfer to write a new chapter . Woods looks like he is ready , according to some golf journalists . U.S. Open latest scores "  He has lost a lot of his aura , but some of it is coming back , " Dixon said . "  He is strutting around again and looks as if he believes he is the man to beat . " At one point in his career , Woods seemed a lock to smash Jack Nicklaus ' record of 18 major titles . Photos : Golf 's young prodigies Although his last major win was at the 2008 U.S. Open , Woods says he considers this tournament a real challenge . "  This is the hardest test that we play every year . What makes it difficult is that we play different venues every year , " the 14-time major champion told reporters . Along with Woods , oddsmakers say that Luke Donald , Steve Stricker or Phil Mickelson , who holds the record for most second-place finishes at the Open , could take the championship . Rory McIlroy , won the U.S. Open last year , but the young golfer has been plagued with his own slump recently , missing three straight cuts . Woods will get a look at some of the tough competition starting Thursday as he is paired with Mickelson and fan favorite and Masters champion Bubba Watson . Chinese teen golfer set to make U.S. Open history	U.S. Open starts Thursday at the Olympic Club in San Francisco Tiger Woods comes to this tournament after a win Some feel the Memorial victory may get Woods back on track
CNN  -- Federal authorities indicted 24 people Wednesday on charges of selling , buying or exchanging archaeological artifacts stolen from Native American lands -- part of what Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar called a crackdown on smugglers of such relics . The artifacts include burial and ceremonial masks , decorated pottery and a buffalo-hide headdress , according to a news release from the Department of Justice . "  Let this case serve notice to anyone who is considering breaking these laws and trampling our nation 's cultural heritage that the BLM -LSB- Bureau of Land Management -RSB- , the Department of Justice and the federal government will track you down and bring you to justice , " said Salazar , who was in Salt Lake City , Utah , to announce the crackdown . President Obama is "  committed to a new relationship with America 's first Americans , " Salazar said , adding that Wednesday 's announcements of indictments was a show of that commitment . Officials said the artifacts -- some stolen from grave sites -- were taken from the Four Corners area , so called because it is the intersection of four states : Utah , Colorado , Arizona and New Mexico . The area also has a rich history of Native American culture . The Navajo Parks and Recreation Department manages the Four Corners Monument , which attracts tourists as the only point in the United States where four states come together at one point . Authorities recovered 256 artifacts worth about $ 335,685 , said Deputy Attorney General David Ogden . About 150 agents assisted in an undercover investigation that tracked the suspects for more than two years , Ogden said . They had the help of an individual who knew about the smuggling ring , officials said . The investigation is ongoing , said Ogden . The recovered artifacts are evidence , but at some point after the investigation those that are privately owned will be returned to their owners , said Craig Leff , a spokesperson for the Bureau of Land Management . The suspects face charges carrying sentences ranging from one to 10 years in prison for violating the Archaeological Resources Protection Act and the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation , Ogden said .	24 indicted for selling , buying , exchanging archaeological artifacts Artifacts stolen from Native American lands Authorities recovered 256 artifacts worth about $ 335,685 Undercover investigation tracked suspects for more than two years
CNN  -- While the rest of us were watching two boats battling it out in one of the most thrilling sailing competitions of all time , there was another man soaring 400 meters above the waves watching our every move . Hanging out of an open-door helicopter flying high above San Francisco Bay , is all part of a day 's work for sports photographer Ezra Shaw , who took these remarkable images of the America 's Cup . It 's not always easy finding an interesting angle when photographing endless blue sea and sky , but Shaw managed to capture the grace -- and adrenalin -- of sailing , using high-tech equipment on land , sea , and air . "  I do n't like flying that much , " admitted 39-year-old Shaw , a photographer with one of the biggest news agencies in the world , Getty Images , for over 15 years . "  But having a camera makes being in a helicopter a little easier because I 'm concentrating on my job and trying to get these pictures -- rather than actually thinking ` I 'm flying above the water with no door . ' " Golden backdrop This was one of the first times the prestigious race had been held in a city , rather than out at sea , giving Shaw a rare opportunity to capture the dramatic skyline of his hometown . As U.S. billionaire Larry Ellison 's yacht Oracle made a dramatic comeback against Emirates Team New Zealand , in one of the most nail-biting finishes in the competition 's 162-year history , it was up to Shaw to capture the drama , with his images used in newspapers across the world . "  Golden Gate Bridge is pretty spectacular and the skyline is beautiful . So to be able to work those two elements into the picture gave me a chance to get a variety of different images that would n't have been possible in other America 's Cups , " said Shaw . "  San Francisco also has lots of different micro climates -- the fog might roll in one day and they 'd be blue sky the next , which made for interesting images . " Speed machines But it was n't just helicopters helping Shaw get a fresh perspective of the historic race . The photographer -- who covered last year 's London Olympics -- also jumped aboard a powerboat to get close to the action . It was hard work keeping up with the futuristic yachts -- which glide along the waves at 80 kilometers per hour -- not to mention taking photographs on a violently bouncing speedboat . "  These sailboats go so fast that the motorboats we were on really could n't keep up with them . So you have to pick a few key spots on the course , " explained Shaw . "  I was carrying heavy equipment going out on a boat day after day -- I went to the gym a lot more , " he joked . Brave new world It 's an indication of how far sports photography has developed in recent years , with international agencies using everything from helicopters to high-tech underwater camera equipment to get a shot no one else has . "  One of the guys on the motorboat had been photographing sailing for 30 years and was talking about America 's Cup in Newport in the 80s , " explained Shaw . "  He would have somebody bring him more film on the boat because he 'd run out . "  It 's great shooting on digital , because you 're rocking up and down on a boat so much with these long lenses . I 'd be taking thousands of images a day to get it down to 30 or 40 pictures that I would transmit to the Getty website . " Capturing the moment But for Shaw , the secret to taking a good photograph is n't necessarily gadgets or extreme helicopter rides -- it 's having a good eye . "  The moment is very important -- one of my photos of the two boats passing behind Golden Gate Bridge captures them just as they 're between the lines , " he said . "  Great moments in sports photography are very important , where you 're capturing the millisecond of something happening . "	Veteran sports photographer Ezra Shaw reveals the secret to ` perfect shot ' Flew in open-door helicopter 400 meters above sea during America 's Cup Remarkable images capture prestigious race from land , air , and sea High-tech underwater camera equipment show how far photography has come
CNN  -- Over the summer , veteran porn producer Tristan Taormino was looking for performers for her new movie . A casting agent recommended a woman named Cameron Bay , and Taormino put her on her short list . Less than two weeks later , Taormino found out Bay had HIV . It shook her up -- imagine if Bay had been on her set , she thought to herself , possibly transmitting the disease to the other performers . That was the moment , Taormino says , that she decided to make a fundamental change in the way she does business and become one of the few straight porn producers to require condoms on her set . "  It just struck me we need to take a step back and look at how we can give people the safest work experience possible , " she says . "  I can no longer roll the dice on my set . " Taormino knows she 's going to get heat for her decision from within her own industry . Even with three recent cases of HIV among performers  Bay is one of them  many porn producers and performers are still fighting against mandatory condom use . According to the Free Speech Coalition , which represents the adult entertainment industry , when they tried using condoms nine years ago after another HIV outbreak , the $ 14 billion-a-year business saw revenue decline as much as 30 % . The industry group says in the recent cases , the performers did not contract the virus at work and did n't transmit it to any other performers . After the HIV cases were revealed , the industry shut itself down temporarily and required all performers to be re-tested for sexually transmitted infections . The moratorium ended Friday and performers went back to work . Porn producers say performers are protected on the job because they have the option of using condoms if they want to . Plus , performers are tested for sexually transmitted infections every two weeks , and producers have access to the testing service 's database that says whether performers are clear to work . In November , Los Angeles County passed an ordinance requiring condom use on porn sets , but industry insiders say the rule is not well enforced and often ignored . Council votes for condom mandate in adult films "  We support choice for performers , as well as the successful testing system that has been in place since 1998 , which have resulted in no on-set transmission of HIV in nine years , nationwide , " Diane Duke , the coalition 's CEO says on the group 's website . Many performers agree . "  We all take a risk going to work every day , " performer Danny Wylde wrote in a blog post . "  It 's a managed risk . And it 's something I choose to participate in so that I can get a paycheck at the end of my day . " But Taormino worries that the risk is perhaps not so well managed . She points out that the HIV cases , plus some recent cases of syphilis and hepatitis , show testing is n't foolproof . First , performers can become infected during the two week window between tests . Second , because of the nature of the HIV test , a person can become infected with the virus and still test negative for 7-10 days , according to the Free Speech Coalition . Taormino says she 'll require condoms even if she loses some viewers -- but she 's not so sure she will . "  I know there 's a lot of talk about how porn watchers do n't want to see condoms and sales will plummet and everyone 's going to be miserable , " says Taormino . "  But I 'm not buying it . " Taormino , co-editor of "  The Feminist Porn Book : The Politics of Producing Pleasure , " does however , buy a different argument : some female performers say condoms are irritating and after a full day on the set they end up with abrasions inside their vaginas , and bacteria and viruses could find their way into the tiny cuts . Dr. J. Craig Strafford says he 's heard about this from many of his female patients -- he calls it "  floor burn . " "  This complaint is legitimate . It 's a real physiological problem , " says Strafford , a past vice president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists who runs reproductive health and sexually transmitted disease clinics in Ohio . "  It 's like when you fall off a bike and get a scraped knee . It could get infected if you do n't clean it up , " he says . He says one solution might be to use a condom that 's not made of latex , since some people find those irritating and abrasive , but non-latex condoms are often not available in the larger sizes male performers need . But Strafford is clear : Even with the "  floor burn " concern , it 's still safer to use a condom . "  Not using condoms is not an option , " he says . Taormino agrees there 's no easy solution for "  floor burn , " but condoms are still a must . "  I know it feels like I 'm going out on a limb , but I hope that others will join me , " she says . They may already be joining her . While Wylde , who 's acted in some of Taormino 's productions , says he prefers to perform without a condom , he wo n't say no to a condom-only offer . "  If a porn producer is confident that he/she is able to maintain a viable business and provide the extra safety of barrier protection for performers , I 'm 100 % on board , " he wrote in an email to CNN . Prevent STDs like a porn star CNN 's John Bonifield contributed to this story .	Three porn actors recently tested positive for HIV , but did n't contract virus at work Porn producer Tristan Taormino says she will require condoms on her set Last time the industry attempted to mandate condoms , they saw revenue decline , group says
CNN  -- Michael Phelps repeated his record breaking feat of winning three straight Olympic gold medals in the same event with a gutsy victory in the men 's 100m butterfly Friday . It was the 17th gold medal of his remarkable career , the 21st overall , and his final swim in an individual race before retiring after the London Games . Phelps had won the 200m Individual Medley Thursday night to create Games history for a male swimmer for successive Olympic victories and was not to be denied in the sprint butterfly . The American superstar was only seventh at the turn but powered past the field to win in 51.21 seconds . South African Chad le Clos , who had pipped him to gold in the 200m butterfly , and Russian Evgeny Korotyshkin shared silver , both clocking 51.44 . "  I am just happy that the last one was a win . It 's very special , " Phelps told BBC Sport . He will round off his efforts in the medley relay final Saturday where the U.S. are favored to win . It was to prove another superb night for Phelps ' teammates with 15-year-old Katie Ledecky upsetting home favorite and defending champion Rebecca Adlington in the 800m freestyle final . Ledecky led from the first length at the London Aquatics Centre to come within half a second of breaking Adlington 's world record set in her 2008 Beijing triumph . She touched in eight minutes 14.63 seconds ahead of Mireia Belmonte Garcia of Spain in silver with Adlington in bronze . Britain 's main hope for a swimming gold also took bronze in the 400m free . Ledecky said she received a good luck message from Phelps before the final . "  Michael is the first Olympian I ever met before I started swimming at the U.S. Nationals in 2002 or 2003 in Maryland , so to get a good luck before the race really calmed me down and I was ready to swim my race , " she said . Adlington tried to swallow her disappointment with a defiant message . "  Everyone expected me to get a gold medal . I am so proud . I have been in four Olympic finals and got four medals , so that 's nothing to be ashamed of , but I was disappointed with the time , " she told BBC . The third gold of the penultimate night of finals for the U.S. came from teenage sensation Missy Franklin in the women 's 200m backstroke . It was the 17-year-old 's third gold of the Games and she did it in style with a world record of two minutes 4.06 seconds to have clear water between herself and second placed Anastasia Zueva of Russia . Franklin 's teammate Elizabeth Beisel took the bronze . "  It feels absolutely amazing , I ca n't think of a better way to end my individual events , " Franklin said . Frenchman Florent Manaudou prevented a U.S. clean sweep of gold with a shock win in the men 's 50m freestyle . Manaudou , 21 , the younger brother of former Olympic women 's 400m freestyle champion Laure , hit the took victory in 21.34 seconds . Cullen Jones of the United States took the silver with Brazilian world record holder Cesar Cielo in the bronze medal position .	Michael Phelps wins men 's 100m butterfly for 17th Olympic gold medal Missy Franklin breaks world record to win women 's 200m backstroke Katie Ledecky shocks home favorite Rebecca Adlington in women 's 800m Florent Manaudou of France prevents U.S. clean sweep in men 's 50 free
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal warmed up for next week 's Indian Wells hard-court tournament by thrashing David Ferrer in the final of the Mexican Open at Acapulco Sunday . The former World No. 1 claimed his 52nd ATP title , his 38th on clay , by seeing off his fellow Spaniard 6-0 6-2 . Since his return from a seven month absence with a knee injury in February , Nadal has won 12 of his 13 matches , coming second in Vina del Mar , Chile , before winning at Sao Paulo last month . Djokovic claims fourth Dubai crown "  I have had some difficult months , especially during my time away from tennis , " the 11-time grand slam winner told reporters . "  But I take with me fond memories of returning to Acapulco . I feel good being back on court . "  I have to thank my family and everyone involved in my rehabilitation . It has been a difficult time over the last few months . "  My heart tells me I should continue competing , that I need to move on to the next tournament . " Federer : ` Naive to think tennis is clean ' Nadal required just 65 minutes to defeat Ferrer , winning 81 % of his first serve points , while saving both of the break points he faced . "  I am sorry about this result but I know Ferrer will be back and I consider him one of the great players of today , " added the World No. 5 . Is the NFL killing American tennis ? Nadal dominated from the start of the contest , taking the first eight games and breaking Ferrer on five occasions . "  I want to congratulate Rafa . He is not an easy player to beat , " Ferrer told reporters . "  If I have to lose , I am happy to lose to Rafa . " In the women 's final , Italian top seed Sara Errani breezed past second seed Carla Suarez Navarro of Spain 6-0 6-4 . In Malaysia , Karolina Pliskova won her first WTA singles crown after defeating Bethanie Mattek-Sands 1-6 7-5 6-3 at Kuala Lumpur . Elsewhere , Latvian qualifier Ernests Gulbis won his third career ATP title by defeating France 's Edouard Roger-Vasselin 7-6 6-3 at the Delray Beach International Championships .	Rafael Nadal ready for Indian Wells next week Spaniard warmed up by winning Mexican Open Nadal defeated David Ferrer 6-0 6-2 to claim title Karolina Pliskova wins maiden WTA title
CNN  -- Amos Wekesa has seen a lot of changes in his country . Today , the self-made mogul oversees Great Lakes Safaris , one of the largest tour operators in Uganda . He has made millions introducing his clients to the splendor of his country , whether taking them on elephant treks in Queen Elizabeth National Park , or giving them an opportunity to get close to the local chimps at Murchison Falls . "  Personally I 've traveled the whole world , and I think one of the things I am advantaged with is having seen my own country as a tour guide , and seen how the tourists were shocked about the beauty of this area , " he says . In the last few years , Wekesa has seen tourism numbers swell , but that was n't always the case . Though 2013 saw 1.2 million travelers  a 50 % increase over the last five years  , tourism was at a standstill for many decades in the aftermath of Idi Amin 's bloodthirsty reign . In the shadow of "  Big Daddy " Two year before Wekesa 's birth , Amin had forcefully taken control of the country . Amin declared himself President for Life , Conqueror of the British Empire and Last King of Scotland . He also liked to be called "  Big Daddy " , though his countrymen would eventually bestow a different moniker in the wake of his reign of terror : The Butcher of Uganda . "  At the time I was born , it was a difficult time for every Ugandan . There were a lot of challenges economically for Ugandans . And people tried to find ways to survive , " Wekesa recalls of his challenging childhood . "  My family was close to the border and all they could do was smuggle stuff from Kenya . I think as a child , I was involved in smuggling by the age of seven . " The 50 cent salary There was nothing swift about Wekesa 's rise . After school , he worked sweeping floors , earning $ 10 a month . "  I was living , to be honest , on half a dollar a week , " he recalls . His luck would eventually change when scored got a job as a tour guide . "  I remember very well my first trip . We had three tourists and we went around for 15 days . We were doing camping , we had to put up tents , had to cook breakfast for the guys , and stir the campfire until the last person finished smoking , maybe 3 am . It was a draining job , " he recalls . When he decided to set up his own firm in 2001 , he found he got little support . "  People would say , ` you were born in a poor family , we told you , you ca n't do business , ' " he says . "  I mean 99 % of the people that surrounded were telling me ` You ca n't succeed . You do n't have a background of business . ' But I knew in my heart that you know what , I think God has given me this opportunity and tried me out , and I 'm going to make sure I succeed in this thing . " Today , Wekesa has made millions and become one of the go-to Ugandan tour guides with a company providing 180 jobs to the local economy . "  The company has grown to be one of the top three safari companies in the country . But I think one of things I like about this is having been the first Ugandan to build accommodation inside a national park .  It inspired  so many Ugandans to start building . Now we are seeing a lot of Ugandans saying , ` you know what ` If Amos can do it , I can do it . ' " Watch the video below to learn more about how Wekesa continues to push the local community to bigger and better things . Alternatively , if viewing on a mobile , click here . SEE : Africa disrupts the global art scene	Amos Wekesa was born in a Idi Amin-ruled Uganda To make ends meet , his family started smuggling After drifting from job to job , he stumbled into tourism Today he is a self-made millionaire beloved for his safari tours in Uganda
CNN  -- A man shot this month when a gunman opened fire inside a busy Toronto shopping mall died as a result of his injuries Monday , raising the death toll from that shooting to two , police said . The name of the second victim , a 22-year-old man , can not be released because of a court-ordered publication ban , Toronto police said in a statement . The first victim , Ahmed Hassan , 24 , died the day of the shooting , June 2 . Gunfire started around 6:25 p.m. that day , as people were eating dinner in the crowded food court area of the Eaton Centre mall in downtown Toronto . Seven people were shot , while a pregnant woman was "  stomped on " in the resulting frenzy , Detective Sgt. Brian Borg , the lead investigator in the case , has said . A suspect , Christopher Husbands , surrendered to authorities and is currently in custody . He faces one count of first-degree murder and six counts of attempted murder , according to police . Husbands , 23 , was supposed to be under house arrest when police say he went to the mall and opened fire .	A 22-year-old man dies as a result of his injuries , police say Christopher Husbands is accused of opening fire in a busy Toronto mall this month He was supposed to be under house arrest at the time of the shooting
CNN  -- Their candles flickering in the warm Tennessee night , fans quietly stood vigil over Elvis Presley 's grave early Tuesday to mark the 34th anniversary of the singer 's death . "  Thank you so much for being here and continuing to honor the legacy of my father , " said a message from Lisa Marie Presley that was read to fans at the gates of Graceland . "  Your ongoing love and support mean very much to me and my family . " Presley died at the Memphis , Tennessee , mansion on August 16 , 1977 , and is buried on the grounds . Fans began filing past his grave bearing candles Monday night . Graceland hosts a week of events leading up to the annual commemoration , featuring tribute concerts , appearances by contemporaries and onetime sidemen and fan parties . The "  King of Rock n ' Roll " was 42 when he was found dead in his bathroom at the mansion , which he bought after hitting it big 20 years earlier . While his death was ruled the result of an irregular heartbeat , the autopsy report was sealed amid accusations that abuse of prescription drugs caused the problem . More than three decades later , he remains one of the top-selling acts in music . In 2010 , Forbes magazine estimated his estate 's annual take from music sales , a Las Vegas show , Graceland visits and licensing at $ 60 million . CNN 's Ed Payne and Matt Smith contributed to this report	A candlelight vigil at Graceland marks Presley 's 1977 death The singer died in his Memphis , Tennessee , home at age 42 Presley is buried on the grounds of Graceland In 2010 , Forbes magazine estimated his estate 's annual income at $ 60 million .
CNN Student News  -- May 10 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria Washington Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . Teachers : We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News !	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
She may be 65 years old , but outgoing Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is not retiring . Instead , she 's considering helping the foundation led by her husband and leaving the door open to a possible presidential run in 2016 . "  I have absolutely no plans to run , " Clinton told CNN Tuesday -- political speak that does not rule out a change of plans -- as she prepared to hand over her State Department responsibilities to John Kerry . "  I am out of politics right now . " Clinton 's ` future adventures ' Clinton said she planned to refocus her efforts after stepping down on speaking and writing and working on behalf of women and girls . She suggested she may also add her muscle to the work carried out by the Clinton Global Initiative , which is led by former President Bill Clinton . Graham : Clinton ` got away with murder ' "  I 'm very proud of what my husband has done in the last 10 years , " Clinton said . "  We are going to look to see how we can join our efforts together . " She noted that their daughter , Chelsea , has also been involved in philanthropic work after Tropical Storm Sandy . "  We just have public service in our DNA , " Clinton said . Clinton acknowledged that her legacy includes unsolved problems in some of the world 's hot spots , but noted that she assumed the job four years ago at a time of great uncertainty . "  I think we have to go back to my beginning in January '09 to remember how poorly perceived the United States was , how badly damaged our reputation was , how our leadership was in question , how the economic crisis had really shaken people 's confidence in our government , our economic system , our country . " Opinion : President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it Clinton said she had sought initially simply to restore international confidence in American leadership , "  sometimes against pretty tough odds , " which included a crisis in the world 's economy and the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . The challenges went on to include responding to the Arab Spring , forming international coalitions to inflict sanctions on Iran and North Korea and dealing with changes in Burma , Europe , Latin America and Africa . "  I 'm very proud of what we 've done , " she said , adding , "  We began to practice diplomacy in a different way -- not that we jettisoned everything done before , but added new tools to the box . " Granderson : Joe , make way for Hillary Asked about the Obama administration 's failure to appoint a woman to any of the top four Cabinet positions , she said , "  What we have to do is take a look at the broad picture . " Though opportunities exist for young women to get into the pipeline , "  I think there is still a ways to go until we have the kind of critical mass that I want to see . " Clinton , who lives with her husband in the hamlet of Chappaqua in Westchester County , New York , said she was looking forward to waking up Monday without a schedule for the day -- a first . "  I 've had a job ever since I was 13 years old , " she said . "  When I was n't in school , I was working . I think it 's going to take some adjustment . " Clinton , who was hospitalized recently for a blood clot , said she was feeling great . "  I 've got enormous amounts of energy that have to be harnessed and focused , " she said . "  I 'm looking forward to this next chapter of my life , whatever it is . " Super PAC gearing up	"  I have absolutely no plans to run , " she tells CNN about a possible return to politics She plans to work on behalf of women and girls She also may help with Bill Clinton 's foundation work "  We just have public service in our DNA , " she says
Washington  CNN  -- Iran said it took "  decisive " action after a U.S. drone entered Iranian airspace in the Persian Gulf last week , a commander said . "  Iran will use all its capabilities , including the relevant international agencies , to follow up on this case , " Maj. Gen. Ahmad Vahidi said Friday , according to Iran 's semi-official news agency ISNA . The Pentagon said two Iranian jets fired on an unmanned U.S. Air Force drone last week . But the United States said the firing happened over international waters on November 1 . The Iranian action triggered a formal warning by the United States to Iran through diplomatic channels . Iranian jets fire on U.S. drone The warning came after two Iranian Su-25 fighter jets fired on an unarmed Predator drone conducting routine surveillance in international airspace east of Kuwait , 16 miles off the coast of Iran , Pentagon press secretary George Little told reporters Thursday following CNN 's report . Read more : U.S. targets Iranian human rights violators The drone was not hit , and it returned under its own power to its base , he said . Little stopped short of calling the incident an act of war . "  I 'm not going to get into legal labels . The reality is that we have a wide range of options , as I said before , to protect our assets and our forces in the region , and we 'll do so when necessary , " he said . "  The United States has communicated to the Iranians that we will continue to conduct surveillance flights over international waters , over the Arabian Gulf , consistent with longstanding practices and our commitment to the security of the region . " Little said the warning was delivered through Swiss diplomats who have acted on behalf of U.S. interests in Iran since Washington and Tehran cut ties in 1980 . Read more : Unclear whether Iran shot down drone , a U.S. official says "  Our aircraft was never in Iranian airspace . It was always flying in international airspace . The recognized limit is 12 nautical miles off the coast , and we never entered the 12-nautical mile limit , " he said . The Obama administration did not disclose the incident before the presidential election . Three senior officials confirmed the details to CNN on Thursday . The three spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitive intelligence nature of the matter . Two of the officials said the fighter jets belonged to Iran 's Revolutionary Guard Corps force , which has been more confrontational than regular Iranian military forces . At least two bursts of gunfire came from the Su-25s ' cannons , they said . The drone started to move away , but the Iranian aircraft chased it , doing aerial loops around it before breaking away and returning to Iran . The drone 's still and video cameras captured the incident , showing the two Su-25s approaching and firing their onboard guns , the officials said . The Iranian pilots continued to fire shots that went beneath the Predator but never hit it , according to the officials . U.S. military intelligence analysts are still not sure if the Iranian pilots simply were unable to hit the drone because of a lack of combat skill , or if they deliberately missed and did n't intend to bring it down . But as one of the officials said , "  It does n't matter ; they fired on us . " Little said the United States has to assume that Iran was trying to bring down the Predator . Before Vahidi confirmed the action , another Iranian commander , Maj. Gen. Seyed Masoud Jazaeri , commented on the reports of the incident . "  The armed forces will respond decisively to any act of transgression , " he said , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . "  If any foreign planes try to enter our country 's space , our armed forces will confront it , " he was quoted as saying . "  The defenders of the Islamic republic will give a decisive response to navy air , land or naval attacks . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	Iranian commander : "  The armed forces will respond decisively to any act of transgression " The U.S. drone was fired on November 1 over international waters , the Pentagon says The drone was not damaged , and it was able to return to its base
CNN  Wedding bells are on the horizon for Bristol Palin and 2011 Medal of Honor recipient Dakota Meyer . Meyer , 26 , proposed to Palin , 24 , Friday night at a Rascal Flatts concert in Las Vegas , Palin said on her blog . "  The lead singer , Gary LeVox , dedicated ` Bless the Broken Road ' to us , and then Dakota got down on one knee and proposed ! " she wrote . "  It 's amazing to see what happens when you place everything in life in God 's hands . " Friends and well-wishers congratulated the couple on the news . As one person said in a comment on Meyer 's Instagram , "  This is so ` MERICA that my mind is blown right now . " Meyer received the nation 's highest military honor for braving enemy fire in 2009 to recover 36 American and Afghan troops in Afghanistan . He was the third living recipient -- and the first Marine -- to be awarded the Medal of Honor for actions in Iraq or Afghanistan . Palin , the oldest daughter of former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , has stayed in the public eye since her mother 's failed vice presidential bid through appearances on "  Dancing with the Stars " and a Lifetime show about raising her son , "  Bristol Palin : Life 's a Tripp . " She also released a best-selling memoir in 2011 , "  Not Afraid of Life : My Journey So Far . " She was previously engaged to Tripp 's father , Levi Johnston . The couple met last year when Meyer visited Alaska to film "  Amazing America , " Sarah Palin 's show on Sportsman Channel , Bristol Palin said in her blog post . "  He met Tripp during that time , and I 've seen him in a few places where our paths have crossed since . He 's visited us in Alaska , and I 've visited his wonderful family in Kentucky , " she wrote . "  He 's wonderful with Tripp and I 'm so proud to be marrying him . " The couple shared news of their engagement on social media . "  I 'm definitely the luckiest guy ever , " Meyer said in an Instagram of the pair tagged #shesaidyes . Bristol Palin shared an Instagram picture of a ring and another of the happy couple smooching . "  Truly the luckiest girl in the world , can not wait to marry this man !!!! " she said . The couple started recently began sharing images on social media of themselves together . Palin posted a photo last week of the couple out in the snow with Tripp . Meyer has also shared a few pictures of him with Sarah Palin . "  Thank you for being the amazing person that you are . I appreciate your leadership and dedication to our country ! " he said in a post on her birthday in February . Sarah Palin also congratulated the couple , noting that Meyer "  flew up North " to ask Bristol Palin 's father and grandfather for her hand in marriage . "  Our families could n't be happier for Bristol and Dakota ! We 're honored to welcome Dakota into our family . He 's an American hero and patriot whose service to our country -- like all his fellow Medal of Honor recipients -- has been above and beyond the call of duty ; but even more important is he 's a good and kind man who loves Bristol and Tripp , and is loved by them , " she said on Facebook . "  Yes , God working behind the scenes to turn beauty from ashes . Had tough circumstances in their lives not occurred , and had they reacted differently to those circumstances , they 'd have never met . "	U.S. Marine Dakota Meyer won the 2011 Medal of Honor for rescue in Afghanistan "  This is so ` MERICA that my mind is blown right now , " commenter says on Meyer 's Instagram
CNN  -- Once again , Syria is at a crossroads . Former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan deserves applause for brokering a ceasefire in a conflict where others have failed , and where some have been only too ready to press military buttons . Despite the seeming success of diplomacy , the conflict in Syria is far from over . This is only a new beginning . Make no mistake : Annan 's mission was not accepted by the regime in Damascus because they were instinctively in line with his thinking . Annan was embraced by the Chinese , Russians , and Syrians because he had come conveniently after the brutal killings in Hama and Homs . It was more timing than principle . If Annan had come while parts of Homs and Hama were under rebel control , then President Bashar al-Assad and his backers would have rejected the U.N. mission . Now that al-Assad has regained territory from the opposition , he is keen to be seen as a peacemaker . Annan 's proposals are ambitious , morally right , and urgently needed . From the need for a political process where opposition elements and the regime are in direct talks , to troop withdrawals , to providing humanitarian assistance , to releasing those arbitrarily detained and allowing free media access to respecting the freedom to protest peacefully . But al-Assad violated all of these principles previously , so why would he behave any differently now ? His calculation must be altered to realize that the fear that he and his father , Hafez al-Assad , had instilled in the hearts of many Syrians is now gone . Suppressing popular protests with tanks can not be repeated constantly with impunity , particularly after the U.S. presidential elections . The political will of the occupant of the White House next January could be stronger on intervening in Syria . It is a question of time before the conflict in Syria flares up again . Annan and the countries involved will only contain , mitigate and offset the parties for a limited time while the opposition regroups . Too much blood has been spilled , too many wounds are open to pretend that violence will not resume again .  Indeed , there were reports after the agreement was reached that violence had resumed in several areas of the country , where government troops were accused of shelling and burning homes , killing dozens . While Annan 's mission hopes to bring all sides to the table , the Syrian government and opposition can not risk the continuing escalation of violence . The answers to the conflict in Syria do not come from outside intervention , but from inside Syria 's opposition movement . Those within the opposition who have opted for violence must immediately return to nonviolence . The lesson of this last year is that the al-Assad regime will meet opposition violence with a disproportionate response and fight to the death . With no coherent leadership , with deep disunity and no real vision for a new Syria , the opposition is fighting for an empty cause . It is more productive in the long term , therefore , that it uses the hiatus provided by Annan to peacefully mobilize the masses inside Damascus and Aleppo , publish a manifesto that gains purchase from minority Syrians that sectarian violence will not rise in a post-Assad Syria , and bring on board the major religious , tribal and business figures inside country . Such measures will help build confidence among noninterventionists in the West , and will result in defections from the military and diplomatic top brass in al-Assad 's government . Failure to do the hard work at the grass-roots level inside Syria while demanding Western military support would be both naÃ ¯ ve and dangerous . Conversely , the regime knows its days are numbered . It can not butcher dissidents in Hama and Homs and expect to rule the country without introducing serious , substantial reforms . The constitutional referendum last month was held in haste to address the demand for this very thing . Not only does al-Assad need to win over the opposition 's more pragmatic actors , but it must demonstrate adherence to Annan 's plan . But knowing the conniving and deceptive nature of this regime , I do not believe it will sincerely adhere to the letter and spirit of the Annan proposals . Annan may well prove to be al-Assad 's last gamble . If he flunks this opportunity to allow for the six-point plan to demonstrably materialize , then it will be nigh impossible to stop Western firepower from pounding his presidential palace , apartments in Mezzeh , military barracks and bases in the Alawite mountains in Lattakia , Tartous and elsewhere . For his own sake , for the sake of his family and countrymen , al-Assad must deliver . Annan is his last warning , and last chance . He would be well advised to accept the invitations from Doha and Tunis to go into exile , save himself and his family from further danger , and rescue Syria from the increased risk of all-out civil war . The onus is on al-Assad , as much as it is on the opposition to illustrate that it can unite and offer a credible alternative to him . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ed Husain .	Ed Husain says Kofi Annan 's deal with Syria 's government is a new chance for regime He says the plan to stop violence , allow humanitarian aid and more , is correct , crucial He says al-Assad is n't trustworthy , but if pact fails his chance at avoiding world response is slim Husain : Syrian government must stand down , opposition must unite to form credible alternative
Beijing  CNN  -- Xu Zhiyong , a high-profile Chinese activist accused of organizing protests against official corruption , has been convicted and sentenced to four years in prison , a Beijing court announced Sunday . The U.S. State Department immediately released a statement saying the sentence was "  retribution for his public campaign to expose corruption . " Chinese prosecutors alleged that Xu Zhiyong "  gathered a crowd to disturb public order " after a series of small protests . The demonstrators unfurled banners in Beijing calling for officials to publicly declare their assets , said Xu 's lawyer , Zhang Qingfang . Zhang told CNN before Sunday 's announcement from Beijing No. 1 Intermediate People 's Court that they expected a guilty verdict and heavy sentence because of the case 's political nature . He said they would "  definitely appeal . " The trial of Xu -- who founded the New Citizens Movement , which calls for official transparency and rule of law -- attracted widespread attention and authorities have come down hard on international media covering the case . A CNN crew recently was prevented from approaching and filming the courthouse . CNN 's Beijing correspondent , David McKenzie , was kicked , pushed and punched by Chinese security before being forced into a nearby van and driven away . Roseann Rife , an official with rights group Amnesty International , called the verdict "  shameful , but sadly predictable . " "  The Chinese authorities have once again opted for the rule of fear over the rule of law , " Rife said in a statement . "  At best , the injustice of prosecuting Xu Zhiyong is hypocrisy of the highest order . " Lawyer : Xu removed from court A former law lecturer at the Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications , Xu has a reputation for taking on groundbreaking legal causes . He has campaigned for death row inmates and families effected by a poisoned milk formula scandal in 2009 . On July 16 , Xu was arrested after spending more than three months under house arrest at his Beijing home . During his trial , Xu tried to read a prepared statement highlighting the goals of the movement and declaring his innocence but was interrupted by the judge when he spoke about wanting top leaders to be transparent about their assets , his lawyer said . "  Calling on officials to reveal their assets was our effort to promote the country 's anti-graft system , " Xu said , according to his lawyer . "  More than 137 countries and regions in the world have established such systems , why ca n't China ? What are those ` people 's servants ' afraid of ? " Authorities removed Xu from the courtroom after he made those remarks , his lawyer said . Xu 's name , ` constitutional rule ' blocked on search engines Well before last week 's trial , Xu had become an international figure as activists and others demanded his release . Outgoing U.S. Ambassador to China Gary Locke issued a statement saying he was "  deeply concerned that ... the prosecution of  Xu and  other good-governance advocates advocates are retribution for their public campaigns to expose official corruption and for the peaceful expression of their views . " Searches for Xu 's name and "  constitutional rule " were blocked on Chinese microblogs and search engines around the time of his trial . It began amid new and potentially embarrassing revelations about the wealth of China 's elite . The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists reported that close relatives of China 's top leaders own offshore companies in international tax havens . The report said that confidential files showed that President Xi Jinping 's brother-in-law and the son of former Premier Wen Jiabao had set up companies in the British Virgin Islands . While not illegal , the findings shed light on the wealth of the country 's leaders at a time when President Xi is intensifying his campaign against high-level corruption , the report said . CNN 's Katie Hunt and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Sentence is "  retribution , " the State Dept. says He was arrested last summer after three months under house arrest Xu 's lawyer says the guilty verdict was expected and that his client will appeal An Amnesty official calls the conviction "  shameful , but sadly predictable "
CNN  -- The hanging of an Iranian woman , convicted of murder in a killing that human rights groups called self-defense against her rapist , has been delayed for 10 days , according to Amnesty International . Reyhaneh Jabbari , 26 , was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of Morteza Abdolali Sarbandi , a former employee of Iran 's Ministry of Intelligence and Security . The United Nations ' Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights says that the killing was an act of self-defense against a rapist and that Jabbari never received a fair trial . On Wednesday , Amnesty International said in a statement that Jabbari had been transferred to a prison where , according to a message from her mother on Facebook , she was set to be executed on September 30 . But at the last minute , the execution was delayed for 10 days , the rights group said , "  possibly in response to the public outcry after her mother 's post about her scheduled execution . " In the post , Jabbari 's mother wrote that she could "  collect the body " after the execution . Amnesty International said Jabbari was convicted of murder after "  a flawed investigation and unfair trial . " The United Nations and international human rights groups have taken up Jabbari 's cause . A Facebook page dedicated to saving Jabbari from execution has been created , with more than 14,000 likes . The U.N. has said Sarbandi hired Jabbari -- then a 19-year-old interior designer -- to work on his office . Jabbari stabbed Sarbandi after he sexually assaulted her , the U.N. has said . Jabbari was held in solitary confinement without access to her lawyer and family for two months , Amnesty International said in a statement . She was tortured during that time . "  Amnesty International understands that , at the outset of the investigation , Reyhaneh Jabbari admitted to stabbing the man once in the back , but claimed she had done so after he had tried to sexually abuse her , " the rights group said . "  She also maintained that a third person in the house had been involved in the killing . These claims , if proven , could exonerate her but are believed never to have been properly investigated , raising many questions about the circumstances of the killing . " The family of Sarbandi could forgive his killer and agree to stay the execution , an option available under Iran 's Islamic penal code . Iranian Oscar winner Asghar Farhadi has joined scores of Iranian artists and musicians calling for a halt to the execution . In an open letter , Farhadi asked the victim 's family to pardon Jabbari . Rights groups have criticized the Islamic Republic of Iran for a surge in executions under Hassan Rouhani , in his first year as President . According to the United Nations , Iran has executed at least 170 people this year . In 2013 , Iran executed more people than any other country with the exception of China , the world 's most populous nation . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Amnesty International says the hanging of Reyhaneh Jabbari has been delayed for 10 days She was sentenced to death for the 2007 killing of a former Intelligence Ministry employee The rights group says she was the victim of sexual assault , killed attacker in self-defense It says Jabbari was convicted of murder after "  a flawed investigation and unfair trial "
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China has one of the oldest food cultures in the world and , like that acme of Western food culture French cuisine , the food needs to be fresh . At Sei Wui , a remote town in western Guangdong Province , a live goose will cost you little more than $ US3 a bird . "  They 're 18 kwai a piece , " said one market trader , using the Chinese vernacular for the renminbi , China 's currency , and pointing to her gaggle of geese honking furiously at one end of a bamboo pen . "  Buy it now and they 'll cook it for you , " she added , pointing down the road to a small stall doing a brisk business serving a lunchtime crowd of pavement diners . In southern China , it 's said that people will eat everything with four legs except for the table . Whether it 's a chicken , a goose or even a frog , if its heart is still just beating by the time you get it home , all the better . It may taste delicious ; but the way the birds are handled , stored and slaughtered has the potential to make you very sick . It 's no accident , then , that China 's public health authorities are now proactively targeting small towns and villages , taking throat swabs from live food dealers and their customers in wet markets where the rough and ready food culture provides a perfect environment for viruses -- such as H7N9 bird flu -- to flourish . As with all things in China , the scale of the undertaking is witheringly massive . China 's Ministry of Agriculture , says its medical dragnet has taken samples from poultry markets , farms and slaughterhouses across the country . So far , 84,444 samples have been taken , 47,801 have been tested and 39 samples confirmed as H7N9 positive . Of these , 38 positive samples came from live poultry markets in the Shanghai municipality and Anhui , Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces . One sample , worryingly , was found in a feral pigeon ; an indication of the virus 's ability to spread undetected in wild species . "  Basically , at the moment poultry seems to be the source of the virus so there 's a risk if there 's direct contact with the poultry or indirect contact with the fecal matter or other products . Of course , if the food is being cooked properly then the risk is limited , " said Dr. Leo Poon Lit-man , associate professor , at the School of Public Health at the University of Hong Kong . While the World Health Organisation has not established a direct link , medical investigators are concentrating their efforts on China 's poultry farms and vendors . "  That is the reality , " he said . "  That is what we learned from H5N1 , " he added , referring to the outbreak of the bird flu virus in Hong Kong in 1997 that killed six and left 18 seriously ill . Like most of China , Hong Kong back then liked its chickens fresh . Poultry in bamboo cages on street corners was a common sight and grandmothers could be regularly seen blowing on chickens ' anuses -- a common local method of checking the bird 's cloaca to gauge its age . All of these practices have ended in Hong Kong . After 1997 , millions of poultry were slaughtered and hundreds of vendors put out of business . According to Poon , reducing the risk in any market place is not just a matter of improving hygiene , restricting transport and creating overnight "  rest days " are all ways of bringing down the viral load in China 's ubiquitous wet markets . "  Once a month we leave a day that allows the poultry to sleep and then on that day we have a very thorough cleaning procedure of the market , " Poon said , adding that the almost 24/7 nature of many market places in China made it difficult for health authorities to break the cycle of the virus . "  Basically , we come up with a package -- we need more than one single measure to reduce the risk , " he added . Virologists , meanwhile , are now looking at how viruses pass , not just from animals to humans , but from humans to animals and then back to humans again . According to Professor Gabriel Leung , head of the Department of Community Medicine at Hong Kong University , the spread of disease does not just work in one direction . He said that dangerous outbreaks of epidemics such as SARS and bird flu are a wake-up call , demonstrating that the fate of humans is inextricably linked with that of the animals we raise and eat . "  It reminds us that human health and veterinary health are one and the same thing and we need to be constantly vigilant , " he said . "  We are linked to animals not just by contact but also by the food chain . "	Chinese cuisine demands that food be as fresh as possible But problems arise with the way live poultry is handled , stored and slaughtered China 's public health authorities taking throat swabs from live food dealers H7N9 strain of bird flu virus has resulted in more than 17 deaths
CNN  -- If you 're handing over cash for a heavily discounted iPad from some random guy in a McDonald 's parking lot or at a gas station , then yes , you should consider your purchase a risk . But when you 're like Suzanne Nassise and you buy Apple 's popular tablet from a well-known retailer , you expect it to be legit . Nassise says she walked out of a Walmart in Brockton , Massachusetts , last month with what she believed was a new $ 499 iPad . When she got home and opened the box , she told CNN affiliate WCVB , she thought , " ` Wow , it 's a little on the light side -- Apple 's an elegant product . ' " Then she tried to turn it on . When nothing happened , Nassise looked at the plastic rectangle more closely . The imitation iPad -- an iFake , if you will -- tried to replicate a real iPad 's charging port and speakers , the latter of which were small , painted-on dots . "  When I realized it , I was upset , " she told WCVB . "  I just paid $ 500 for a paperweight . " If her story sounds familiar , it 's because it has happened at retailers in a variety of states over the past few years . Numerous shoppers have purchased what they thought were iPads , only to open the box and find a worthless decoy inside . To make matters worse , some stores have refused to give refunds on the grounds that the buyers might have been trying to scam them . The majority of news reports on the problem have involved iPad purchases at Walmart , although other retailers are not immune . In December 2010 , the year the first iPad hit shelves , a man in Dorchester , Massachusetts , said he spent $ 800 at a local Best Buy on an iPad that turned out to be fake . The store said the same thing had happened to five or six other people , he told his local NBC station , WHDH . The next year , Ken Lemal told a similar story after the businessman purchased what he thought was an iPad from a Walmart in Woodstock , Georgia . Like Nassise , Lemal 's iPad was packaged in a way that suggested he was buying a product straight from the manufacturer . "  I think that probably somebody switched  the iPad  and took it back with the cellophane and everything , " Lemal told CNN in a recent interview . "  An employee says , ` Oh it 's wrapped up , we 'll stick it back in inventory , ' and it gets sold to somebody else . I think that 's what happens . " That same year in Vancouver , British Columbia , several iPad shoppers at Future Shop and Best Buy stores said they opened the Apple packaging to find plastic bags filled with modeling clay . Last November , a man in Miami accidentally gave his wife a fake iPad for her birthday , thinking he 'd spent $ 480 on the real deal . In January , a woman in Randolph , New Jersey , said that she , too , wound up with a fake Apple tablet after shopping at her neighborhood Walmart . "  When I got home and opened the box , I thought it was a real iPad , " Jamie Frick told the Newark Star-Ledger . "  I took out the charger and then tried to plug it in the iPad , and that is when I started to notice everything . " So how is this fraud happening ? Retail chains are n't saying . But the prevailing theory begins with a scam artist buying an iPad , replacing it with something of similar size and weight and then repackaging the box so it looks ready for the sales floor once again . Then the person returns the box for a refund . Other speculation has focused on unscrupulous store employees raiding storerooms to make similar swaps . Walmart at first declined to offer Nassise , the Massachusetts woman , an exchange or refund because of a policy against returned merchandise that has been unwrapped . But after the local ABC station got involved , Nassise eventually received a refund for her purchase . Walmart spokesperson Dianna Gee said the company is aware of the problem and is working to address it . "  We 're actively reviewing our transactional records , and then going back and looking at the video that matches up with that to determine how this product is getting back on our shelves , " she said . "  If it appears that it is fraudulent , we will share all that information with local law enforcement . " Best Buy , which has seen similar fake-iPad episodes , did not respond to repeated requests for comment . Walmart 's Gee recommends that iPad shoppers open the box and check the tablet carefully before making a purchase . Lemal 's experience made him wary of purchasing items from anyone other than the manufacturer . But he did learn a valuable lesson : Double-check the serial number on the box . "  If you have an issue , do n't rely on the retailer to just check the item that 's inside the box ; call Apple and verify the serial number that 's on the box itself , " he said . "  Either require them to do it while there , or when you get home ...  that will tell you  if it had been sold prior to your date of purchase . "	A Massachusetts woman says an iPad she bought from Walmart was fake A rash of similar cases have been reported in the past six months Walmart is aware of the problem and is working to address it Advice : Open the box in the store and check the serial number on the box as well
CNN  -- The Davis Cup is the just about the only major honor in tennis to elude Roger Federer and the Swiss maestro took another big step to righting that omission Sunday as he led his country into November 's final against France . Federer secured the winning point in his singles match against Fabio Fognini to give Switzerland an unbeatable 3-1 lead over Italy in Geneva . The 17-time grand slam winner was never seriously troubled by Fognini , winning 6-2 6-3 7-6 in front of 18,000 fans in the Palexpo Arena . A run of four straight games saw him take the opening set and a single break in the second was enough to forge further ahead . Fognini had four break point chances in the third set but could not take advantage and Federer moved clear in the closing tiebreak . The 33-year-old will be playing in his first Davis Cup final and paid tribute to the fervent supporters who willed him on to victory . "  Its nice sharing your emotions with your fans and team mates , " he told the official Davis Cup website . Swiss captain Severin Luthi also reflected on their triumph . "  For the whole of Switzerland it 's great we 're in the finals now . We could n't be happier , " he said . "  Roger did n't have that much time to get used to the court and conditions and there is a lot of pressure involved . For me he played again fantastic tennis . " Federer and Australian Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka won their opening singles rubbers Friday but the Italians hit back the following day as Fognini and Simone Bolleli took the doubles to give themselves a glimmer of hope heading into the reverse singles . Switzerland will have to travel to France for the final on November 21-23 , with the venue still to be announced . France sealed its passage Saturday when the doubles team of Richard Gasquet and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga defeated Czechs Tomas Berdych and Radek Stepanek in four sets to go 3-0 ahead . Sunday 's reverse singles saw Jiri Vesely beat Julien Benneteau 6-4 6-3 to put the first point on the board for the Czechs before Gael Monfils beat Lukas Rosol 5-7 6-4 7-5 in the second of the "  dead " rubbers . France is seeking a first Davis Cup triumph since 2001 . Switzerland has never won the trophy , losing the 1992 final to the United States .	Switzerland to play France in Davis Cup final Roger Federer wins decisive singles against Fabio Fognini Gives Swiss an unbeatable 3-1 lead in tie against Italy France completes 4-1 victory over holders Czech Republic
CNN  -- When was the last time you looked at the label on your clothes to check where they were made or what they are made of ? A few years ago , I was living a paradox familiar to many Americans : eating local and organic food , carrying reusable bags to the grocery store and choosing eco-friendly products wherever I could . This mindfulness was in no way extended to my closet -- I owned more than 350 items of clothes , every single bit of it cheap , trendy , poorly made and assembled in low-wage factories in other countries . See the lifecycle of your cotton T-shirt Fashion today has a here-today-gone-tomorrow mentality , where the latest look , lowest price or the hottest designer are paramount and quantity is valued over quality . For the first time in history , we are consuming clothes as a disposable good , buying a cheap dress for a date night and wearing it but once or twice . These changing attitudes prompted me to write my book , "  Overdressed : The Shockingly High Cost of Cheap Fashion , " and what I learned about the fashion industry during the process compelled me to change . Complete coverage : Fashion Week Our consumption of clothing is growing at an alarming rate . Most Americans have closets brimming , if not overflowing with clothes . Few of those purchases are made here -- 3 % of apparel is produced in the United States , down from about half in 1990 . While American factories sit empty , our thirst for cheap imported clothing has kept the cash registers at many stores humming throughout the recession . Fashion 's environmental footprint has also mushroomed . There are more than 80 billion garments produced around the world today , and according to a study by the UK 's Cambridge University , the industry is creating 70 million tons of waste water as of 2006 in the UK alone . In China , the largest clothing manufacturer in the world , the textile industry is also a major polluter . Last year , I traveled undercover to southern China and saw smog enshrouding a landscape of factories and , more shockingly , hundreds of factory workers wearing cheap , trendy clothes . As China 's consumer class grows , already-scarce resources like water and petroleum may soon buckle under all of this shopping . In July , when it came out that the Olympic uniforms were made in China , Americans were outraged , making it clear that we 're growing weary of soulless consumption . I believe we 're ready for more meaningful wardrobes , and to support our amazing clothing heritage . My mother recently gave me a dress that she wore in high school in the 1960s . It was made by Jonathan Logan , a juniors brand that was considered cheap for its day -- the dress is 100 % wool , fully lined , finished with French seams and made in the USA . What 's so wonderful about locally made fashion is that it offers designers tight control over their product , has a lower environmental footprint and makes it easier to keep an eye on any labor problems . And according to a Cotton Incorporated Lifestyle Monitor survey , approximately 55 % of consumers agree it is "  very/somewhat important " that their clothing is made in the U.S. I was recently in Portland , Oregon , and met with the owners of Spooltown and the Portland Garment Factory , two small shops that have opened recently in a city that had very little existing garment industry infrastructure . They were able to build profitable manufacturing businesses from scratch . Just imagine what other Americans cities could do with the right government and consumer support . Major fashion brands also have an obligation to dramatically reduce the amount of water and energy used and waste emitted in making and selling their clothes , as well as to offer consumers more stylish products that are made out of recycled and eco-friendly materials . Nike is creating athletic team uniforms out of recycled PET bottles and has recycled more than 28 million pairs of athletic shoes through their Reuse-a-Shoe program ; Eileen Fisher has just released a beautiful line of bluesign-certified silk shirts dyed without hazardous chemicals ; and H&M has agreed to stop using toxic and nonbiodegradable perfluorinated compounds , called PFCs , in their outerwear by 2013 . These efforts need to be expanded . Clothing designers also need to rethink the materials they 're using and how they 're sourced . Fortunately , eco-friendly textiles have improved so much in recent years that luxurious eco-friendly fibers like Tencel , Modal and Cupro have far more in common with silk than a hemp sack . Some emerging designers are eschewing new textiles altogether for upcycling , which means taking waste and reclaimed textile material and turning it into a product with higher value . I recently bought a lovely red tunic upcycled from a men 's dress shirt produced by a small Brooklyn designer called State . Designer on the rise : Mohapatra 's moment According to the Environmental Protection Agency , we are throwing away 68 pounds of textiles per person per year and donating such a staggering volume of clothes that a majority of our donations to charity have to be sold to textile recyclers who then sell more than half of our used clothes overseas , largely to Africa . Retailers like Eileen Fisher and Patagonia are accepting returns of their worn products -- Fisher resells them in her Green Eileen retail store , while Patagonia recycles theirs into new products . Fast-fashion stores need to start these types of recycling programs . Consumers can also take more responsibility by repairing and caring for the clothes they own , trading their duds at clothing swaps and , for the particularly creative , refashioning last year 's styles into fresh looks . Now for the million-dollar question : How can you afford this ? It all starts by taking an honest look at how you 're spending money on clothes . The average American consumer spends $ 1,700 a year on apparel . Most of us own more clothing than we know what to do with , so I encourage people to first of all buy less clothing and to try to limit trendy , throwaway purchases to only one or two a season . Divert the rest of your clothing budget to clothes that you truly love and are going to wear for several seasons . If just a quarter of our purchases were put toward locally made or eco-friendly fashion and fashion companies with a commitment to sustainability , we could change the face of the industry . I also believe we 'd be happier with our clothes . See what a cotton T-shirt goes through before it gets to you . Is your closet filled with cheap , disposable clothing ? Do you think it 's worth changing how you shop ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below . The opinions in this story are solely those of Elizabeth Cline .	Elizabeth Cline : Major fashion brands should reduce water and energy use , and waste The average American consumer spends $ 1,700 a year on apparel About 3 % of apparel is produced in the United States
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- "  American Idol " runner-up Adam Lambert confirmed publicly what he assumed everyone already knew : He is gay . Adam Lambert talks about his sexuality and his "  Idol " experience in the new Rolling Stone . "  I do n't think it should be a surprise for anyone to hear that I am gay , " Lambert told Rolling Stone magazine . He said he is "  proud of my sexuality " and never sought to hide it during the "  Idol " competition . "  I embrace it , " he said . "  It 's just another part of me . " Still , he stayed silent when , in March , a picture of him , dressed in drag and kissing an ex-boyfriend , emerged online . Lambert told Rolling Stone he was worried coming out would "  be so sensationalized that it would overshadow what I was there to do , which was sing . " The photo was taken on one of the three or four times he 's dressed in drag , Lambert said , "  but ` sucking my boy 's face ? Yes , that I will own . ' " He took down all of the pictures on his Facebook and MySpace pages before the "  Idol " season , but he forgot about another Web site profile that included the drag photo , he said . Watch Lambert pose with a snake for the cover " With the competition over , Lambert 's public confirmation of his homosexuality is in preparation for the "  American Idol " national tour , which starts next month . He said he wanted to avoid "  the Clay Aiken thing and the celebrity-magazine bulls -- t. " "  I find it very important to be in control of this situation , " he said . "  I feel like everyone has an opinion of me , and I want a chance to say , ` Well , do you want to hear how I really feel about all this ? ' " Aiken , the runner-up on "  Idol 's " second season , dodged questions about his sexuality until coming out in People magazine last year . Lambert said his coming out is not a political statement . "  I 'm trying to be a singer , not a civil rights leader , " he said . The Rolling Stone article revealed some "  bi-curious " ambiguity for Lambert , whose tall , dark and handsome looks appealed to the female audience . "  I loved it this season when girls went crazy for me , " he said . "  As far as I 'm concerned , it 's all hot . " He said he is "  kind of interested " in girls . Lambert made another revelation to Rolling Stone that might not be expected . His decision to audition for "  American Idol " came after a week at Burning Man -- an annual festival held in a Nevada desert -- where he experimented with "  certain funguses . " "  I had a psychedelic experience where I looked up at the clouds and went , ` Oh ! ' " he said . "  I realized that we all have our own power , and that whatever I wanted to do , I had to make happen . " And what he wanted to do was be on "  American Idol , " he said . "  I knew it was my only shot to be taken seriously in the recording industry , because it 's fast and broad . "	Adam Lambert subject of cover story in Rolling Stone ; says he is gay Lambert said he never sought to hide sexuality , but did n't want it sensationalized Decision to try out for "  American Idol " came after psychedelic experience
CNN  -- For centuries , tales of the Yeti , an elusive but terrifying creature said to roam the inhospitable Himalayan Mountains , have enthralled curious minds . Now , research by a leading UK geneticist may have unlocked the truth about the Yeti , or Abominable Snowman , after hair samples from two mystery animals proved to be a genetic match to an ancient polar bear . Artist creates faces from DNA left in public The findings , to be explained in "  Bigfoot Files , " a documentary series on Britain 's Channel 4 TV network , are the work of Bryan Sykes , a professor of human genetics at Oxford University . He put out a worldwide call last year for people to submit hair or other tissue from "  cryptids , " or previously undescribed species , and collected more than 30 samples for analysis . Sykes ' research focused on two samples in particular , both from the Himalayas but found about 800 miles apart , one in the Ladakh region and the other in Bhutan . Read more : Lost ` Doctor Who ' episodes recovered in Nigeria To his surprise , testing found a 100 % match with a polar bear jawbone from Svalbard , the northernmost part of Norway , that dates back between 40,000 and 120,000 years , according to a news release from Channel 4 . What Sykes called an "  exciting and completely unexpected result " casts new light on the Yeti legend , although it may not satisfy the legions of "  Bigfootologists " around the world . "  There 's more work to be done on interpreting the results . I do n't think it means there are ancient polar bears wandering around the Himalayas , " Sykes said . Scientists map DNA of prehistoric animal "  But we can speculate on what the possible explanation might be . It could mean there is a subspecies of brown bear in the High Himalayas descended from the bear that was the ancestor of the polar bear . Or it could mean there has been more recent hybridization between the brown bear and the descendant of the ancient polar bear . " Sykes ' DNA testing forms part of the Oxford-Lausanne Collateral Hominid Project , which is also looking for genetic evidence of other mysterious creatures -- including the Sasquatch , or Bigfoot , in the Pacific Northwest and the Almasty in Russia -- to study their possible links to humans . Those who submitted samples to the project last year were asked to give a description of the material and details of where and when it was found , as well as their own opinion of its likely species type and the reasons for that view . Watson : ` DNA was my only gold rush ' The analysis , which involves sophisticated DNA testing and comparison of the findings with a database of other animals ' genomes , does n't come cheap , costing about $ 2,000 for each hair sample . But it may finally allow scientists to pin down whether all those Yeti or Bigfoot "  sightings " over the years -- often captured in blurred photos or shaky video footage -- are based on fact , mistaken identity or elaborate hoaxes . Chinese researchers to relaunch ` Bigfoot ' search " ` Bigfootologists ' and other enthusiasts seem to think that they 've been rejected by science , " Sykes is quoted as saying . "  Now I think that 's a complete distortion of what science is about . Science does n't accept or reject anything . All it does is examine the evidence , and that is what I 'm doing . " Sykes has submitted the DNA results for publication in a peer-reviewed science journal and is also due to publish a book based on his research next year .	Geneticist : Mystery samples from the Himalayas match an ancient polar bear jawbone Professor is looking for evidence of unknown species that may be linked to humans He invited people around the world to send in samples of mystery creatures for analysis Tales of the mysterious Yeti , or Abominable Snowman , have fascinated generations
Mental Floss  -- Almost everyone knows that each state of the Union has its own flag . State flags , however , are just the most visible elements of an elaborate , esoteric system of legalized symbols that characterize and codify our united states . It 's time we were all exposed to the bizarre symbology of state identity-politics . Texas ' state flower , the bluebonnet , is celebrated in the Texas state song . To begin with , some of the most well-known state symbols allude to lesser-known meanings and histories . I grew up in Wisconsin and only recently learned that the Badger State title originally refers not to Bucky , nor to the savage beast itself , but to lead miners in the 1820s and 30s . These miners moved from prospect to prospect in southwestern Wisconsin , traveling light and often , with little money for luxury . When winter came and conditions worsened , those miners too far from home to migrate would dig themselves sheltering caves in the hills -- like badgers . These temporary dwellings could be abandoned if a prospect proved fruitless , without much regret ; and if the lead pickings were good , the lucky miner could fluff up his badger hole or upgrade to a more traditional Euro-American residence . For this practice Wisconsin miners were dubbed "  badgers " -- a jibe that was soon appropriated as a proud , statewide nickname . Bucky did n't come along until 1949 ; the furry , quadruped badger , notoriously vicious when cornered , was n't declared Wisconsin 's state animal until 1957 . Other miners migrated south for the winter to the far end of Illinois , much like the region 's sucker fish ; which earned them the nickname of Suckers , and their state of Illinois its unenviable nickname , The Sucker State . Mental Floss : How 22 colleges got their nicknames ` Rebel ' woodpecker The state bird of Alabama has another tale behind it . They honor a little woodpecker they call the yellowhammer , which is known outside of Alabama as the northern flicker , the common flicker , or simply The Flicker .  It eats a lot of ants , and is not to be confused with the yellowhammer bunting of Europe and New Zealand . State birds are chosen for reasons many and varied , some meaningful and others frivolous -- from the pretty songs they sing to their proximity to extinction -- and I believe this is the only bird singled out for its resemblance to Confederate uniforms . The story goes that a clean , trim , flashy bunch of new Confederate recruits one day passed by a weary , bedraggled , dusty pod of veterans , and their fresh uniforms , grey tinged with brilliant yellow , reminded some jokester vet of the woodpecker , so he let out a mocking call : "  Yallerhammer , yallerhammer , flicker , flicker ! " The jeer stuck , and the recruits were soon labeled the Yellowhammer Company . Later , as these things go , all Alabama troops were known as Yellowhammers , the whole state as the Yellowhammer State , and Confederate veterans developed a habit of wearing yellow feathers in their caps and lapels to dress up for post-war reunions . How entertaining and informative . But the real fun starts when these state symbols more shamelessly approach the ridiculous . Let us consider some of the finest specimens : Eat and drink to the honor of the state Most states have at least one form of official food . In Louisiana , the official doughnut is the beignet .  I 'm unaware of any other state doughnuts -- and I 'm disappointed .  New York 's official muffin is made with apples ; Minnesota 's with blueberries ; and none have yet found it fit to honor the vegan bran and raisin muffin , despite whatever strange wonders it works on the abdominal tubing . Vermont is the only state with an official flavor : maple , as in maple syrup -- but because they 've designated the "  flavor , " not the "  syrup , " we can assume the appointment includes everything from maple-glaze for ham to autumnal maple lattes . Shockingly , Oklahoma has recognized a complete  and daunting  meal : fried okra , squash , cornbread , barbeque pork , biscuits , sausage and gravy , grits , corn , chicken friend steak , black-eyed peas , strawberries , and pecan pies . Mental Floss : 6 food challenges for the super hungry As for state drinks , Nebraska has Kool-Aid , Indiana has water  hubris !  , and Alabama , the standout , has Conecuh Ridge Alabama Fine Whiskey -- a re-creation of some well-regarded illegal moonshine made in the backwoods by a man named Clyde May . Silly , sentimental , and insulting songs All states have songs , too , except New Jersey . Most states have more than one . There are state ballads , state marches , state waltzes , and so on . Connecticut has a state cantata  a narrative piece intermixed with solos and choruses  ; Louisiana has a state environmental song  "  The Gifts of the Earth "  ; Massachusetts a polka  "  Say Hello to Someone from Massachusetts "  ; a couple states have lullabies ; and Ohio has an official rock song , "  Hang On Sloopy . " Two state anthems , Maryland 's and Iowa 's , are set to the familiar tune of "  O Tannenbaum ! " , or "  O Christmas Tree ! " ; but no states have designated official Christmas songs . And despite Texas ' tough boy image  their official footwear is the cowboy boot  , it 's the only state with an official flower song -- in praise of its state flower , the bluebonnet . Many of the traditional states songs are brazenly effusive . Arizona 's begins , "  I love you , Arizona , " and continues , rather romantically , "  You 're the magic in me . " California 's is similar , without the magic : "  I love you , California , you 're the greatest state of all . " South Dakotans use the superlative when singing to "  The state we love the best . " Usually they 're just hilarious , but a few of these songs bear some heinously outdated lyrics . With a nod to the old Eternal Feminine , North Carolina praises its women as Queens of the Forest , "  So graceful , so constant , yet to gentlest breath trembling . " The real trouble comes , though , with old minstrel tunes that portray humble "  darkies " praising "  old Massa " in song and romanticizing their cotton-picking servitude . Kentucky changed the language for "  My Old Kentucky Home " in 1986 to glaze over such indiscretions . But Virginia still seems to have trouble acknowledging its error , and simply demoted its song , "  Carry Me Back To Old Virginny , " to the status of "  state song emeritus . " Virginia still seeks an adequate replacement , preferably one that does n't idealize slavery . Every state for itself Besides these strange variations on common themes , many states have even more idiosyncratic symbols . Since 1962 , the official sport of Maryland has been jousting , and more recently , the state 's official "  exercise " was declared to be walking . Not even mall-walking or speed-walking -- just "  walking . " Kentucky does n't have a "  sport , " but it does have an official tug-of-war : the Fordsville Tug-of-War Championship . Mississippi has a state toy , the teddy bear ; Massachusetts a state bean , the navy bean ; and Oklahoma proudly boasts the only state cartoon character , a gust of wind named Gusty that was used to report weather and news , between 1954 and 1989 . Mental Floss : State nickname quiz While many designations seem absurd , most aim to represent some definite aspect of a state 's intended "  character . " Legislators want icons that mean something , that give you a sense of the land and its people -- something like the bolo tie . Arizona named the bolo tie its official neckwear back in 1971 . And more recently , in 2007 , New Mexico added the same to its list of emblems . Apparently , it was an Arizona silversmith who invented the string-and-buckle necktie when he took off his hatband to avoid losing the precious buckle during a high-wind horse ride , and hung it around his neck . This discovery occurred as late as 1940 , but the bolo 's become such an icon that it 's hard to imagine a Wild West without it . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Wisconsin 's Badger State comes from miners who dug caves to survive winters Alabama 's state bird is a flashy-looking woodpecker State drinks : Nebraska -- Kool-Aid , Indiana -- water Mississippi state toy : the teddy bear ; Massachusetts state bean : navy bean
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Muslims staged rallies across Indonesia on Sunday to protest U.S. President Barack Obama 's planned visit to the southeast Asian nation this week . The protests -- organized by Muslim group Hizbut Tahrir -- included women and children . "  We do n't see the differences between Obama and Bush , they both oppress Muslims , they both have blood on their hands , " said Ismail Yusanto , a spokesman for the Muslim group in Indonesia . "  That 's why we reject Obama and we do n't believe that he 's reaching out to Muslims . " The spokesman said about 20,000 people attended the rallies . With about 205 million Muslims , Indonesia is the world 's largest Muslim country , according to the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life in Washington , D.C. . More than one in 10 of the world 's Muslims live there . Although it has a reputation for being home to a relatively tolerant and easy-going brand of Islam , a Pew Forum analysis rates it as having high levels of legal restrictions on religion and religious social tension . Government restrictions on religion are tighter in Indonesia than in Russia or Turkey , and social tensions are higher than in Nigeria or Egypt , the think tank says . Obama is scheduled to arrive in Jakarta on Tuesday as part of a 10-day visit to India , Indonesia , South Korea and Japan . He is expected to finalize a comprehensive partnership with Indonesia . Obama spent part of his childhood in Indonesia . On Wednesday , the president will visit Istiqlal mosque . He will also address the biggest Muslim nation from an undetermined location . However , Muslims in Indonesia remain pessimistic . "  Obama can talk all he wants in Cairo and in Jakarta , the fact is that he still has his troops in war with Muslims , " Yusanto said . "  It 's all lip service . " Protesters chanted "  No Obama " and held up posters that said "  Stop oppressor . " Obama 's visit to Asia started Saturday with a three-day visit to India . His visit to India -- the third largest economy and one of the world 's few growth markets -- also includes meeting with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in New Delhi and addressing the nation 's parliament .	NEW : Indonesia is the world 's largest Muslim country , a think tank says Obama spent part of his childhood in Indonesia Protesters include women and children "  Obama and Bush , they both oppress Muslims , " says a spokesman
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Rapper Kanye West and his business manager face vandalism , battery and grand theft charges in connection with a scuffle with photographers at Los Angeles International Airport last September . Rapper Kanye West has been charged after an incident last year involving two photographers . The Los Angeles County district attorney declined to file felony charges , but L.A. City Attorney Rocky Delgadillo decided to charge West , 31 , and Don Crawley , 33 , with misdemeanors Wednesday . Police arrested West on September 11 , 2008 , after an altercation with two paparazzi , airport police said . The incident , which took place near the airport 's Terminal 4 , occurred between the rap star and Crawley -- his road manager and bodyguard -- and a photographer and a cameraman who were taking their photos , airport police said . The cameras of the paparazzi were damaged in the altercation , police said . West was charged with one count of vandalism , one count of grand theft and one count of battery , according to Frank Mateljan , the spokesman for the city attorney . Crawley was charged with two counts of vandalism , two counts of grand theft and two counts of battery , Mateljan said . If convicted of all charges , West could face up to two years and six months in jail , while Crawley could face up to five years , he said . Their arraignment hearing is set for April 14 at the Los Angeles Airport Courthouse , he said . West , a 10-time Grammy winner , and Crawley were in the airport to catch a flight to Honolulu , Hawaii , police said . The pair were outside of passenger security screening when the incident occurred . CNN could not immediately reach the star 's publicist for comment . The celebrity Web site TMZ posted a video of the incident shot by one of its reporters , who was also in the terminal when the altercation occurred . The video was short and chaotic , and the man whom TMZ identifies as West never shows his face , which is shrouded in the hood of a gray sweatshirt . According to the Web site , after West grabbed the camera from the photographer , Crawley took it from him , leaving the rap star with the lighting component . The video shows the man in the gray sweatshirt and another man in a red sweatshirt -- whom TMZ identifies as Crawley -- each smashing parts of a camera on the ground . Then the man in red approaches the camera as it is filming . He reaches out for the camera , and it appears a struggle ensues . As airport officials arrive , the man walks off . TMZ reported that after the incident with the first photographer , Crawley grabbed the TMZ reporter 's camera and allegedly broke it . Police stopped West and Crawley as they tried to leave to go through security to board the plane , the Web site said . TMZ is partly owned by AOL , part of CNN 's parent company , Time Warner . West quickly became a hip-hop star after his first album , "  College Dropout , " debuted in 2004 , earning him a best rap album Grammy that year . He twice matched that feat with 2005 's "  Late Registration " and 2007 's "  Graduation . " West also has won three best rap song Grammys for his hits "  Jesus Walks , " "  Diamonds from Sierra Leone " and "  Good Life . " His other four Grammys include two best rap solo performance awards , one for best rap performance by a duo or group , and one for best R&B song for his role in helping write "  You Do n't Know My Name , " a song performed by Alicia Keys . The platinum rapper is also known for controversial outbursts , most notably in 2005 , when he went off script during an NBC telethon for victims of Hurricane Katrina , saying , "  George Bush does n't care about black people . "	Kanye West and his manager charged with vandalism , theft and battery Pair alleged to have been in scuffle that damaged photography equipment If convicted , the Grammy-winning rapper faces more than two years in jail TMZ has video that it says is of the incident
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Calling her husband a coward and sobbing between pleas for leniency , the wife a Philadelphia abortion doctor was sentenced to jail time Wednesday for her role in late-term abortions at the medical facility . Pearl Gosnell , 52 , was sentenced to 7 to 23 months in a county prison for performing a late-term abortion , corrupt organization and conspiracy . In Pennsylvania , abortions past 24 weeks are illegal unless the health of the mother is at stake . "  By choosing to take the cowardly course he did , my husband left me to make the apologies , " Pearl Gosnell told Philadelphia Common Pleas Court Judge Benjamin Lerner . "  My husband is in jail forever , which is where he should be . " "  I 'm sorry for my part in this , " she said , stopping to collect herself . "  It 's my fault I was n't more diligent . " Pearl Gosnell pleaded guilty in 2011 and has been under house arrest since . She will get credit for time served . Earlier this month , Kermit Gosnell was convicted on three counts of first-degree murder for killing babies at his West Philadelphia abortion clinic by cutting their spinal cords with scissors after their mothers ' gave birth . He was sentenced to life without parole in exchange for waiving his right to appeal the convictions . Prosecutors had sought the death penalty . Doctor found guilty of first-degree murder in Philadelphia abortion case The 72-year-old physician was also found guilty of the involuntary manslaughter in the death of Karnamaya Mongar , 41 , who died of an anesthetic overdose during a second-trimester abortion at his West Philadelphia clinic . Dr. Gosnell pleaded not guilty and refused to take a plea deal , opting instead -- much to his wife 's chagrin -- for a jury trial . His defense called no witnesses and he did not take the stand . Defense attorney Michael Medway called five witnesses to testify on behalf of Pearl Gosnell . Among them were Gosnell 's biological children , Alexandra Gosnell , 15 , a Philadelphia high school student , and Barron Gosnell , 21 , who is in college . "  Please do n't take my mother , too , " Alexandra Gosnell said before returning to her seat in the back of the courtroom , where she cried for the remainder of the hearing . Before Lerner rendered the sentencing , assistant district attorney Joanne Pescatore referenced prison calls between Pearl Gosnell and her husband , told the judge she "  saw a very different Pearl . " "  It makes me sick , " Pescatore said . "  She was a major participant . She gained monetarily from these desperate women at the end of their rope . " Lerner explained how he viewed Gosnell before rendering his decision . "  You 're not in the same position as these other women , " he said , explaining how he was near tears after reading letters from the Gosnell children asking for leniency for their mother . "  You were his partner . You chose to be his partner in life , and sadly , you chose to be his partner in this foul organization masquerading as a medical clinic . " The medical clinic owned by Dr. Gosnell had been growing increasingly reckless , according to a 2011 grand jury report . Gosnell and nine other employees at the Women 's Medical Center were charged with crimes for the illegal practices at the clinic . Eight people involved at the Gosnell 's clinic have pleaded guilty to various charges , including four to murder . Among those who pleaded guilty was former Women 's Medical Center employee Adrienne Moton , who was set free Wednesday . Mother shares regrets amid Pennsylvania abortion trial "  You 're going home today , " Lerner said while her father , brother and sister erupted in cheer . Moton , who has been in jail since 2011 , pleaded guilty to third-degree murder , conspiracy , corrupt organizations and conspiracy for snipping the neck of a baby that had been delivered into a toilet . She also took a cell phone photo of ` Baby A , ' who was described as close to 28 weeks old and was placed in a shoebox-like container . Trial testimony revealed Dr. Gosnell joked the baby could "  walk to the bus stop . " "  I 'm embarrassed and truly ashamed , " Moton told the court between sobs . "  I was n't arrested , I was rescued . " Former employee , Lynda Williams , 45 , also appeared in court . However , her sentencing was postponed pending a federal case against the clinic . Williams was charged with and pleaded guilty to two third-degree murder charges in the death of a patient and a live infant , and other related offenses . Attorney Stephen Patrizio argued that Williams , a bipolar mother of three with only a sixth-grade education , needed psychiatric help , not more jail time . Gosnell 's sister-in-law and former clinic employee Elizabeth Hampton , 55 , was sentenced to a year 's probation Tuesday for lying to the grand jury about how Mongar died . Hampton , who testified against Gosnell at trial , was the first among them to be sentenced . Opinion : Gosnell case shows why abortion rights need protection Hampton worked at Gosnell 's clinic with her common-law husband , Jimmy Johnson , who performed janitorial duties there . The couple , along with their daughter and four grandchildren , lived in a house owned by Gosnell . Hampton worked on and off at the clinic where she primarily cleaned instruments and answered phones . Johnson also testified at trial . He said that the toilets inside the clinic would be "  stopped up " at least twice a week . "  When I plunged it once , particles came up , " Johnson said . "  What kind of particles , " assistant district attorney Edward Cameron asked . "  An arm came up , " Johnson replied . Gosnell , a family practitioner who was never board-certified as an obstetrician or gynecologist , was also found guilty of 21 counts of performing abortions beyond 24 weeks . Gosnell 's co-defendant , Eileen O'Neill , 56 , was found guilty of conspiracy to operate a corrupt organization and two counts of theft by deception for operating without a license to practice medicine . O'Neill , a medical school graduate , was not charged with performing illegal abortions . O'Neill is scheduled for sentencing July 15 . Gosnell horror fuels fight for abortion laws	Wife of doctor had pleaded guilty two years ago She was accused of performing late-term abortion Her husband , Dr. Kermit Gosnell , was convicted of three counts of first-degree murder
CNN  -- The Formula One team never to have won a point has new owners . Caterham F1 has been sold by Tony Fernandes and his partners to a consortium of Swiss and Middle Eastern owners , who are led by former Midland and HRT F1 principal Colin Kolles . Under the terms of the deal , the team will continue to race as Caterham F1 and will retain their base at Leafield , 75 miles north west of London . It will be run by former Dutch F1 driver Christijan Albers , who will be assisted by Manfredi Ravetto , replacing current team principal Cyril Abiteboul . "  We are aware of the huge challenge ahead of us given the fight at the bottom end of the Championship and our target now is to aim for tenth place in the 2014 Championship , " said Albers in an official statement . "  We are very committed to the future of the team and we will ensure that the team has the necessary resources to develop and grow and achieve everything it is capable of . " It ends a four-year stint in the sport for Fernandes , who combined his role at Caterham with being chairman at football club Queens Park Rangers , who recently were promoted to the English Premier League . In closing his Twitter account , Fernades , who is the founder and chief executive officer of Asia 's first low-budget carrier Air Asia said : "  F1 has n't worked , but love Caterham Cars . " Caterham , who are sponsored by CNN , finished bottom of the constructors ' championship in 2013 and are struggling again this season . Their drivers -- Japan 's Kamui Kobayashi and Marcus Ericsson , of Sweden -- are yet to register a point after eight races . Caterham joined F1 in 2010 .	Caterham Formula One team sold to Swiss and Middle Eastern consortium Owner Tony Fernandes and partners relinquish control with immediate effect New consortium will be advised by former F1 Team Principal Colin Kolles
CNN  -- Three faculty members were killed and three other school employees were wounded Friday in a shooting at the University of Alabama in Huntsville , a school spokesman said . A female shooting suspect was in custody and a second person was detained , "  not arrested , " spokesman Ray Garner told reporters . Huntsville Police Chief Henry Reyes left open the possibility that more than one person had been detained . "  We have a suspect and possible persons of interest , " he said late Friday . "  Until we go through everything , we 're not going to say exactly how many or who we have . " He said police were questioning the suspect , whom he would not identify . Of the wounded , two were faculty members and the third was a staff member , he said . Garner said the incident occurred shortly before 4 p.m. in Shelby Hall . Police arrived at 4:01 p.m. ; residence halls were locked down at 4:10 p.m. ; the building was secured by 5:45 p.m. , he said . The suspect was taken into custody outside the building , said Reyes . No weapon has been recovered , he said . The 6-year-old , $ 60 million facility houses the chemistry department and is named for U.S. Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama and his wife , Annette Shelby . Garner identified the dead as Gopi Podila , chairman of the biological sciences department ; Maria Davis , associate professor of biology ; and Adriel Johnson , associate professor of biology . He identified the injured as Joseph Leahy , associate professor of biology , in critical condition ; Luis Cruz-Vera , assistant professor of biology , in stable condition ; and Stephanie Monticello , staff assistant , also in stable condition . The wounded were taken to Huntsville Hospital . Classes and athletic events are to be canceled February 15-19 , he said . Asked why students had not been alerted for more than an hour after the shootings , Reyes said , "  I ca n't comment on that part . "	Three killed were faculty members at University of Alabama in Huntsville Police leave open the possibility that more than one person has been detained Shooting occurred about 4 p.m. in Shelby Hall , which is named for senator
CNN  -- Hunter Moore , once dubbed the "  most hated man on the Internet " and the "  Revenge Porn King , " is free on bond after being indicted on felony charges including identity theft and conspiracy . Moore , 27 , the founder of a now-defunct "  revenge porn " website is accused of hacking into people 's e-mail accounts to steal nude photos to post online , federal authorities said this week . On Friday , a judge released him on bond set at $ 100,000 and took his passport as collateral , according to a court document . Moore is to appear in court again on February 7 . He was released into the custody of his parents , who signed the bond , CNN affiliate KCRA reported . His release came with some conditions . Moore is not to use a computer or get anyone else to do it for him . He must take down his social media accounts and get tested for drug use , KCRA reported . Moore , who the FBI says operated isanyoneup.com , was arrested in Woodland , California , Thursday . Also arrested was Charles Evens , a 25-year-old man in Southern California believed to be connected to the scheme . ` You took the picture ' In 2012 , way before this arrest , Moore talked to HLN 's Dr. Drew about the website . "  The site was just born , actually , " Moore said . "  It was just a couple of friends and , you know , we had our hearts broken by a couple of girls , and we thought we would make a site . And it became Is Anyone Up . That 's how it started . Of course . But when I did start the site , I was hurt , and so was my friends . " But later in the show Moore was confronted by a woman who called in and said she regretted taking topless photos for a boyfriend and was devastated when the pictures appeared online . "  I do n't know how you can point your finger at me , " Moore responded . " You took the picture . I mean , I 've been justifying this in my head for over a year and a half of the site . But at the end of the day , it started with you . You took these pictures . " Site got out of hand The FBI says Moore and Evens conspired to peddle "  hundreds " of nude pictures , without getting permission in 2011 and 2012 . But , according to an indictment Moore allegedly pushed Evens to hack into computers to get more sexually explicit photos . Moore then would pay Evens for the photos and then post them on the site , according to the FBI . Both suspects are named in a 15-count indictment with charges that include aggravated identity theft and conspiracy . If convicted , they face up to five years in federal prison for each conspiracy and hacking-related charge . Moore actually shutdown the website in 2012 and sold it to an anti-bullying group . "  Taking down the site has been something I ` ve wanted to do for months , " Moore said . "  It was just something I created that got out of hand . It was supposed to be for friends . " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Moore was released on bail Friday after being arrested a day earlier He is accused of posting hundreds of nude photos without permission Moore is accused of paying another man to hack into alleged victim 's accounts His bond is $ 100,000 ; he is not allowed to use a computer and must submit to drug testing
CNN  -- The midflight breakdown of a JetBlue pilot has sparked concerns about psychological screening for flight crews . Capt. Clayton Osbon 's erratic behavior prompted Flight 191 from New York to Las Vegas to make an unscheduled landing in Amarillo , Texas , on Tuesday after crew and passengers intervened and subdued the 49-year-old pilot . Osbon "  yelled jumbled comments about Jesus , September 11th , Iraq , Iran , and terrorists , " according to a federal criminal complaint filed against Osbon . One passenger quoted Osbon as saying , "  Pray f ------ now for Jesus Christ , " the complaint said . "  It just seemed like something triggered him to go off the wall . He would be calm one minute and then just all of a sudden turn , " said passenger Jason Levin . JetBlue pilot charged with interfering with flight crew JetBlue has not elaborated on the pilot 's condition , but CEO Dave Barger referred to the incident as a "  medical situation . " The pilot 's behavior points to possible psychological distress , doctors say . The episode could be the result of bipolar disorder or a recent start on antidepressant medication , said Dr. Charles Raison , a psychiatrist at the University of Arizona and CNN consultant who has not treated Osbon . Medical illnesses such as brain tumors , subtle seizures or hormonal imbalances could also have caused Osbon 's behavior , Raison said . All airline pilots are required by the Federal Aviation Administration to have a first-class medical certificate that must be renewed annually for pilots younger than 40 and every six months for pilots 40 and older . JetBlue follows all FAA pilot requirements , the airline said . Pilots must be examined by an aviation medical examiner as part of that process , and a candidate 's psychological condition is assessed . The exam does not include a formal psychiatric evaluation , although the examiner should "  form a general impression of the emotional stability and mental state of the applicant , " according to FAA 's Guide for Aviation Medical Examiners . Bipolar disorders , psychotic disorders , personality disorders that involve "  acting out " and substance dependence generally are disqualifying conditions , according to the guide . In these cases , the examiner would either deny issuing the certificate or defer it and report evidence of significant problems to the FAA , the guide says . "  If the person is exhibiting any signs of psychosis , thinks he 's on the moon , is disoriented in time and place , if he 's taking any medicines -- and the FAA is very strict -- the computer wo n't even let me give an exam if medicines are not approved . It 's very strict under those circumstances , " said Dr. Gabriel Guardarramas , an FAA-approved New York family doctor who performs about 40 pilot exams a year . Guardarramas said one pilot grieving the death of his father raised a red flag for him and he deferred certification to the FAA . "  Pilots as a rule are extremely stable people , " said retired airline Capt. Steve Luckey , a 33-year veteran . "  By the time a person becomes a commercial pilot , they 've gone through so many filters . " However , the agency 's strict criteria prompt some to hide their conditions , according to two pilots who spoke to CNN on condition of anonymity out of concern for their own careers . One veteran with three decades of experience said he 's known just a single fellow pilot who sought treatment for depression . The treatment lasted eight or nine months , and he never told his employer , the pilot said . "  A guy has worked his whole career toward what he 's gotten , and he 's dealing with issues , what does he do ? If he says , ` Hey , I 'm depressed , ' then the FAA pulls his medical certificates and then there goes his career . " Another veteran pilot echoed that sentiment : "  Yes , pilots are flying around depressed because if they do  admit depression  , they 'll be grounded . " "  Pilots are generally well psychologically screened for all the right reasons . Some people snap . If this pilot did indeed snap , it does n't surprise me . There 's tremendous pressure out there in the pilot group , and that 's something the public should care about , " the pilot said . In its medical examiners guide , the FAA says pilots being treated with four specific antidepressants may receive medical clearance , which would be decided on a case-by-case basis . Osbon 's breakdown comes just weeks after an American Airlines flight attendant 's behavior alarmed passengers and prompted flight crew members to restrain her while the plane was taxiing . One passenger said the flight attendant described herself as bipolar and said she had not taken her medication . Other accounts referred to her talking on the intercom about the plane crashing . American Airlines has not identified her , and no charges have been filed . She remains employed by the company , the airline said Wednesday . American said the airline follows all FAA rules . Unlike pilots , flight attendants are not required to pass medical examinations before they fly , according to the Association of Flight Attendants , a union that does not represent American Airlines workers . "  However , flight attendants do have to go through recurrent training each year to refresh their emergency situation skills , " said AFA spokeswoman Corey Caldwell . They are also required to receive proficiency certification from the FAA . She added that "  in most cases , " flight attendants could be treated for various conditions and still perform "  as first responders efficiently , " noting that red flags would probably come up during the initial six - to eight-week training period or during a probationary period of up to a year . In addition to the pressure of performing the duties of flying itself , airline employees face the added stress of trying to survive in an industry fraught with restructuring , bankruptcies and other uncertainties . "  This industry is very turbulent , " Caldwell said . "  And after 9/11 , these workers really went through a very difficult time personally and professionally . " CNN 's Mike Ahlers , Katia Hetter and Lizzie O'Leary contributed to this report .	JetBlue : Pilot incident a "  medical situation " Doctor : Erratic behavior points to possible psychological distress FAA requires medical evaluation , including psychological assessment Pilots : Some do not report depression treatment , fearing for their jobs
Cairo  CNN  -- Convulsions of violence followed the fierce clashes that killed dozens of people Sunday in Egypt , when Muslim Brotherhood supporters clashed with their opponents and security forces . By Tuesday , the death toll from Sunday 's violence climbed to 55 . That number could continue to rise , as some of the 250 injured could succumb to their wounds . On top of that , six Egyptian soldiers have died in attacks since Sunday . In the city of Port Said , a group of attackers shot and killed an Egyptian soldier on Tuesday , according to state-run media . And on Monday , Islamist militants in the Sinai killed five Egyptian soldiers in the town of Ismailia , state media said . In the village of Al-Tor , they set off a car bomb that killed two people and wounded 48 , state media reported . Jihadists have stepped up their assaults since Egypt 's military forcibly removed former President Mohamed Morsy from office in July . Elsewhere in the country , his supporters continue vent their anger in the streets despite the muscle government security forces have applied to suppress and disperse them . Sunday 's violence Early Sunday , Muslim Brotherhood protesters marched in different neighborhoods in Cairo and across the country . In Egypt 's capital , people swam across the Nile River to escape arrest as military armored personnel carriers supported police clearing the streets of protesters . Tear gas filled the air , and security forces with batons beat some of the protesters they detained . It was another powerful sign that Egypt 's military-backed interim government will go to almost any measure to shut down the Muslim Brotherhood 's protests . But in nearby Tahrir Square , the scene was drastically different ; throngs of people celebrated Egypt Armed Forces Day at a festive event that included dancing and fireworks . As thousands of Muslim Brotherhood protesters marched along the Nile from Old Cairo toward Tahrir , security forces blocked their path and quickly dispersed the crowd . Quelling the Muslim Brotherhood In a statement , the Muslim Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party decried what it called "  crimes of violence and murder committed today against peaceful protesters . " The group also said it holds the leaders of the coup that ousted Morsy responsible . Egypt 's Interior Ministry said it had arrested 423 "  rioters " on Sunday . In September , an Egyptian court banned all activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and froze its finances , drawing complaints from the international community . At the United Nations General Assembly , Egypt 's interim foreign minister sought to quell these concerns . Nabil Fahmy said Egypt will hold elections in the spring . He also argued that the political process is open to all "  as long as they are committed to the renunciation of violence and terrorism and acts of incitement to them . " On Sunday , protesters from the Muslim Brotherhood said they would accept nothing less than the reinstatement of the government led by Morsy . But supporters of the military in Tahrir Square remained adamant that that should n't happen . Neither side appeared willing to compromise . Violent clashes after relative calm New Egyptian government to be in place by spring , foreign minister says CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	Violence has pockmarked Egypt since Sunday 's clashes that killed dozens The death toll from those clashes now stands at 55 , with more than 250 injured Attacks on the military killed at least six soldiers on Monday and Tuesday Supporters of ousted President Morsy keep protesting despite pressure from the military
CNN  -- The impending arrival of fall brings a wave of highly anticipated young adult books . Bloggers have been buzzing for months , readers have been pinning titles to shelves on Goodreads , and reviews are starting to come in for one of the biggest publishing seasons . There are tons of options to consider , including R.L. Stine 's return to Fear Street , the latest from "  Pretty Little Liars " author Sara Shepard and Carl Hiaasen 's first book for teens . To help you get started , we reviewed titles publishing in September and October with the help of numerous sources  Kirkus , School Library Journal , Booklist , Publishers Weekly , Book Riot and Upcoming Books Blog  and came up our top picks . We chose a mix of debut authors , anticipated continuations of popular series and new titles from fan-favorite authors . This is by no means a comprehensive list but rather a starting point for your ever-growing "  to be read " stack . There 's a wealth of diverse authors , topics and subgenres available this fall , and our list only scrapes the surface . More resources for your "  to be read " stack : • Diversity in YA • The Young Adult Book Blog Directory  organized by name • New York Times • New Adult fiction releases  listed on Goodreads • YALSA  Young Adult Library Services Association • YALit  young adult novels organized by release date Please tell us what you 're eager to read this season in the comments below or by tweeting at @CNNLiving .	Long-running series such as Rick Riordan 's "  Heroes of Olympus " are wrapping up First of three books by Walter Dean Myers to be published posthumously out this month Carl Hiaasen 's first book for teens debuts in September New series from "  Pretty Little Liars " author Sara Shepard due out this fall
CNN  -- A Lumpkin , Georgia police officer who repeatedly tasered a 57-year-old woman violated police policy but resigned before he could be fired , a city attorney said Thursday . Lumpkin City Attorney William Nesmith said an internal police investigation revealed former officer Ryan Smith inappropriately tasered Janice Wells earlier this year . The incident , caught on a patrol-car dash-camera tape that was released this week by Wells ' attorney , cost Smith and another officer involved their jobs . Wells called police on April 26 because she thought there was a prowler on her property in west Georgia , her attorney , Gary Parker said . Police officer Tim Murphy of the Richland Police Department arrived and found Wells at her home with a guest who had been visiting but was leaving , Parker said . The officer asked for the guest 's name , and when Wells declined to give it to the officer , he threatened to arrest her for obstruction of justice , Parker said . The police report of the incident has a slightly different take on the situation . According to the report , officer Murphy was responding to a call regarding an "  unwanted guest " at Wells ' home . When the officer arrived , Wells said that she wanted the guest , a man , to leave her property , according to the report . The cop asked the man to leave , and then asked Wells what his full name was . She declined and he said he would arrest her . What ensued was that Murphy tried unsuccessfully to arrest Wells and called for backup . Smith , of the Lumpkin Police Department , responded and tasered the woman during the incident . Wells was "  peppered sprayed about four times and Tasered 11 to 12 times , " Parker said . "  You can hear the  stun  gun going off , you can hear her screaming . " "  Do n't do that , do n't do it ! " Wells can be heard shouting on the dashcam video . On the video , it sounds as though she was stunned about four times . Despite the different versions of what led to the use of the stun gun , the police departments of Richland and Lumpkin were quick to move to discipline both officers . Murphy was fired , Richland County Attorney Tommy Coleman said . Smith , the officer who used the stun gun , resigned and went to another police department before receiving a termination letter written by Lumpkin Police Chief Steven Ogle , authorities said . "  She was a school teacher ; she had to teach the next day . She could n't make bond and she had to spend the night in jail , " said Stewart County Sheriff Larry Jones . Jones , who knows Wells , arrived at the scene just after the stun gun incident concluded . "  When I arrived , Mrs. Wells was screaming ' I did n't do anything , I did n't do anything . ' She was seated in the car and she was screaming ` Larry help me , I had n't done anything . ' " On the dashcam tape , Wells can be heard yelling as the sheriff described . "  When I saw the tape , I thought , ` This ca n't be true . ' You do n't do an animal like this . One time , maybe  with the Taser  . If she was physically fighting back maybe , but she was just sitting there , " Jones said . "  He attacked her with that Taser . " Reached by CNN , Murphy declined to comment . Efforts to reach Smith were unsuccessful . Wells was a teacher for 33 years who came out of retirement to teach third graders , her attorney said . The incident has made her withdrawn and anxious , he said . The Georgia Bureau of Investigation reviewed video of the incident and found no criminal wrongdoing and no one had requested that the agency investigate further , authorities said . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	NEW : A city attorney says an officer violated policy when he tasered a Georgia woman in April Janice Wells says a prowler was at the house , while police say she complained of an unwanted guest A man who was there with her at the scene left When she refused to give the man 's name , police tried to arrest her
CNN  -- The war itself lasted for less than three months . But 30 years on , wounds from the Falklands war are fresh , and Britain and Argentina are still at odds over the chilly , windswept island chain in the South Atlantic . Monday marks the 30th anniversary of the start of the war over the Falklands , which Argentina calls Las Malvinas . Britain won the 74-day war that began with an Argentine invasion attempt , but Argentina still presses claims to the islands , which are home to more than 3,000 people . "  Thirty years ago today , the people of the Falkland Islands suffered an act of aggression that sought to rob them of their freedom and their way of life . ... Today is a day for commemoration and reflection ; a day to remember all those who lost their lives in the conflict , " British Prime Minister David Cameron said to mark the day . "  We are rightly proud of the role Britain played in righting a profound wrong , " he added . Argentina put its death toll from the conflict at around 645 . Britain 's civil and military losses amounted to 255 . The war 's anniversary provided an opening for leaders of the two nations to begin a new round of verbal sparring , which has erupted over the islands in the past several months -- with Prince William 's six-week deployment to the islands in February and March as a high-profile backdrop . "  It is an injustice that in the 21st century there are still colonial enclaves like we have here , a few kilometers away , " Argentinian President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner said in a speech in southern Argentina on Monday . She described claims that the Argentinian people were behind the 1982 war "  absurd " and "  ridiculous , " and called on British officials to begin negotiations over the islands , which have been under British rule since 1833 . "  We want them to respect the law and the constitution of our country . This is not a story that started 30 years ago . It is going to be 180 years of usurpation , " she added . British officials have dismissed calls for negotiations , arguing that the islands ' residents have a right to decide their fate . "  It takes two to tango , and unfortunately , one of the two sides has been systematically refusing to start diplomatic negotiations , " Argentinian Ambassador to the United States Jorge Arguello told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Monday . Located in the South Atlantic Ocean , about 480 kilometers  298 miles  east of the tip of South America , the Falklands have long been coveted as a strategic shipping stopover and potential wellspring of natural resources . In February , Argentina complained to the United Nations about what it called Britain 's militarization of the region . It had already banned Falklands ships from its ports , an action joined by other South American and Caribbean nations . The recent deployment of Prince William to the Falklands in his role as a Royal Air Force search-and-rescue pilot , as well as Britain 's decision to send a new warship to the area , further fueled tensions . On Thursday , Argentina sent a letter to stock markets in London and New York telling them that companies exploring for oil near the islands risk criminal charges or civil liabilities . British Foreign Office Minister Jeremy Browne criticized Argentina Monday for being "  confrontational " over the islands . "  I think it 's a mistake for Argentina to be protectionist . I think it 's a mistake for Argentina to start trade wars . I think it 's a mistake for Argentina to have any sort of suggestion at all that they are considering coercing the people of the Falkland Islands into a political arrangement against their will , " he told CNN . "  I think Argentina  is  making a number of political miscalculations , but obviously that 's the choice that they 're making . It 's not a choice that we 're making . " On Monday , the British military said the HMS Dauntless , a destroyer , will set sail Wednesday on a "  routine deployment " to the South Atlantic , where it will relieve another ship in the region after months of preparation . "  We are now ready to provide a reassuring presence in the region and protect British interests , " Capt. Will Warrender said in a statement . The Falklands , which raise their own taxes but rely on the United Kingdom for defense and foreign policy , are one of 14 British overseas territories and have been under British rule since 1833 . Cameron has repeatedly said that it is up to the residents of the Falklands to determine their allegiance , and so far that support has been staunchly British . "  We support the Falklands ' right to self-determination , and what the Argentinians have been saying recently I would argue is actually far more like colonialism , because these people want to remain British , and the Argentinians want them to do something else , " he told lawmakers this year . CNN 's Glenda Umana , Marilia Brocchetto , Zain Verjee and Rafael Romo contributed to this report .	NEW : The British foreign office minister criticizes Argentina 's "  miscalculations " Argentina 's president calls the Falklands a "  colonial enclave " Monday marks the 30th anniversary of the start of the 74-day Falklands war Britain won the war over the Falkland Islands ; Argentina still claims what it calls Las Malvinas
CNN  -- Have you heard the one about the Justice Department 's $ 16 muffins ? Probably not , though even if you have , this latest revelation of workaday government waste has long since lost its capacity to shock . And therein lies the real problem . For those catching up : The DOJ 's OIG  Office of Inspector General  Tuesday released an audit showing that the department spent nearly $ 500,000 for food and beverages at just 10 Justice-sponsored conferences in 2008 and 2009 . "  One conference , " auditors found , "  served $ 16 muffins while another served Beef Wellington hors d'oeuvres that cost $ 7.32 per serving . Coffee and tea at the events cost between $ 0.62 and $ 1.03 an ounce . At the $ 1.03 per-ounce price , an 8-ounce cup of coffee would have cost $ 8.24 . " Some outrage at this routine squandering of taxpayer money predictably ensued , but so did not a small amount of eye-rolling and mirth . The Baltimore Sun editorial board , for example , said that while "  Wasteful government spending deserves to be condemned in the strongest terms possible "  the Sun 's preferred strong terms being "  Washington chokes on its muffins "  , the overspending is "  far from the cause of nation 's deficit . " This is true , as far as it goes . The nation 's current and future deficit is driven overwhelmingly by health care , military and retirement spending , each of which involve ever-increasing promises that have proved politically career-threatening to scale back . That 's why politicians prefer instead to talk about $ 16 muffins and $ 600 toilet seats -- it 's the least expensive way to simulate fiscal responsibility . The boy who cries muffin while signing onto every new major entitlement and military adventure is not in any position to deliver lectures about tax-dollar stewardship . And never forget that the spending frenzy is distinctly bipartisan : Even alleged fiscal radical Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , voted for the Troubled Assets Relief Program , the Iraq War and Medicare Part D . So should we just greet muffinflation with a weary shrug ? Not remotely , no . The lesson of government waste , whether on $ 16 muffins or $ 535 million loan guarantees to solar power companies or $ 48 billion in "  improper " Medicare payments , is one worth relearning every day . Managers whose budgets do not depend on customer satisfaction and who do not face competitive pressure in the marketplace , will not , on balance , spend their money wisely . Vendors selling to those managers know that price matters much less than it does to , say , Wal-Mart . And anywhere there is political urgency and official involvement high up the command chain , conditions will begin resembling a gold rush . As major Solyndra investor and Barack Obama donor George Kaiser told a crowd of his fellow Oklahomans not long after Obama 's stimulus was announced in 2009 , "  There 's never been more money shoved out of the government 's door in world history and probably never will be again than in the last few months and the next 18 months . And our selfish , parochial goal is to get as much of it for Tulsa and Oklahoma as we possibly can . " There is no such thing as war without the brutal , violent death of innocents , including children . Similarly , there is no such thing as government spending without gobs of disgusting waste , graft and corruption . It 's all cooked right into the system . That 's why muffin-cynicism troubles me most . The same Baltimore Sun that can decry such waste in one breath , will invite it in its next : "  Let Congress vent its spleen and deal with whoever is responsible for the Justice Department 's very poor judgment , " the editorial board wrote . "  Then it should get back to the business of creating jobs and stimulating the weak economy in the short-run and adopting sensible economic policy that reduces the deficit in the long-term . " As long as we believe that government is good at creating jobs and stimulating the economy , we 're going to be stuffed by much more than just $ 16 muffins . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Welch .	A report criticized Justice Department for extravagant spending Matt Welch says it 's natural to make light of the $ 16 muffin He says government does n't exercise any spending restraint Welch : Larger issue of uncontrolled spending is deadly serious
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Job seekers need to be ready to deal with the perception that they are overqualified . Sherry Shealy Martschink , 57 , is a former state legislator , state senator and worker 's compensation commissioner for South Carolina . She 's a recent law school graduate and has experience in journalism , marketing and education . For the past few years during her job search , she 's been told -- in not so many words -- that she 's overqualified . "  Sometimes the opposition is in the tone of voice rather than the actual wording of the questions and comments , " Martschink said . "  An employer may say something like , ` We are hoping to find someone who will make a career here ' or ` Why would you want this job after doing such-and-such ? ' Another type of question has to do with whether I could be a team player after being in such leadership positions . " How does Martschink respond to such opposition ? Plain and simple : "  If I were n't willing to do the work , I would n't be applying for the job , " she said . Geoff Tucker , who has a college degree and six years experience in his field , has faced opposition more than once during his job search . In one interview , the hiring manager started with , "  We both know you 're overqualified , " and went on to say she wanted to do a "  gut check " to determine if Tucker would be OK with the tasks he 'd be handing . "  In other words , she wanted to see if I was OK with being versatile to the point of helping clean around the office and refill the toilet paper in the bathroom , " Tucker said . "  I affirmed that I do not have an issue with doing tasks that maybe I have n't had to do in a while . I am not that egocentric and I do n't regard these tasks as below me . " Many job seekers wonder how being qualified can be a bad thing , but it 's a Catch 22 that many job seekers face today . They ca n't get hired for positions relevant to their experience so they apply for jobs at lower levels . The problem is that they ca n't get hired for those positions , either , because they 're overqualified . "  Employers are in the cat-bird seat , " said Kathryn Sollman , co-founder and managing partner of the Women at Work Network . "  The high volume of job seekers makes it possible for employers to hold out for their ideal candidates . You 're not an ideal candidate if you have held a more senior position in the past ; employers assume you will leave as soon as you find something at your normal level . " What 's the deal ? Assuming you 'll jump ship when the economy turns around is only one of the many objections employers have to hiring overqualified candidates . For one thing , many job seekers assume that their high credentials automatically mean they are skilled for a more junior job . But , Sollman said , just because a position is less senior than the one you previously held does not mean that you have the appropriate skills to succeed in that role . "  Take an administrative position , for example . Many mid - to senior-level job seekers have n't done anything remotely administrative for years , " she said . Right or wrong , other assumptions hiring managers might have about hiring overqualified candidates include : • You 'll be bored and unmotivated • The salary will be too low for you • You 'll be unhappy • You 'll leave the minute something better comes along • You could possibly steal his/her job • You wo n't be able to step down from a leadership role Hiring managers only take overqualified candidates seriously if they are convincing about a valid reason they want to take a more junior-level job , Sollman said . The best reason is saying you have decided that you do n't want to work crazy schedules and are interested in a better work/life balance , she said . If that 's the truth and you 're truly not looking over your shoulder for a senior-level job , employers will consider you for a more junior job . Tucker says the doubt he gets from hiring managers regarding his experience is unfair . "  They should consider my above-par qualifications as a way to gain additional capabilities on their staff and team . I will bring just as much passion to this role as I would any other , " he said . "  I would not apply for a job if it were n't a fit for me . It 's about the work I 'm doing and the contributions I 'm making that matter . " If you 're being told you 're overqualified during your job search , here are seven ways to convince your interviewer otherwise : 1 . Admit that you 're worried , too Tell the hiring manager that you are also concerned that it might not be a fit , suggests Duncan Mathison , co-author of "  The Truth about the Hidden Job Market . " Promise that if at any point during the hiring process you feel the job appears too low or not one where you will bring the full engagement needed to excel in the position , you will withdraw your candidacy . Your willingness to walk away tells them you are motivated if you stay in the game . 2 . Take salary off the table Make it clear that you 're flexible about salary and that your previous earnings are not relevant to your current job search . "  Tell the hiring manager that you work for both green dollars and personal satisfaction dollars , " Sollman says . "  Lately you 've had a deficit in personal satisfaction dollars and you want a chance to try something new . " 3 . Put the issue out there Ask the interviewer if he or she sees any positives or negatives to your candidacy based on your higher qualifications . Get the issue on the table so it can be addressed , Mathison suggests . 4 . Use your accomplishments "  Tell the hiring manager that you 're proud of your accomplishments and you have proven to yourself that you can perform at a more senior level , " Sollman said . "  Now you 're not interested in chasing titles and promotion . You want to make a contribution at a compelling company . " 5 . Distance yourself from your higher qualifications Be empathetic to those parts of the hiring manager 's jobs -- indicate that you have a clearer understanding of what a manager needs from their people . "  For example , say you were a manager and are applying to an individual contributor job , " Mathison said . "  Tell the hiring manager that you are looking for a job that would give you more hands-on technical work and give you a break from the people management and corporate politics . " 6 . You want to learn If you 've held more senior positions at a different kind of company or in a different industry , tell the hiring manager that the best way to really learn about a new industry is from the bottom up , Sollman says . 7 . Make a commitment "  Tell the employer that you know that job hopping is a major ` do n't ' in the business world . Say that barring unforeseen circumstances , you are ready to make at least a two-year commitment to the company , " Sollman suggests . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	"  Overqualified " tag a Catch 22 for job seekers who ca n't get hired at their level Employers may fear overqualified applicants will jump ship , take their jobs Experts advise to put the issue out there so it can be addressed in interviews Tell interviewers you want to learn new skills , will make a commitment to stay
CNN  -- Pope Francis spoke out against sexual abuse by Catholic clergy on Monday and said he plans to meet with victims in early June . In a wide-ranging talk with reporters , he also discussed celibacy in the clergy , saying it 's not dogma so "  the door is always open . " The Pope fielded questions on these subjects during an informal chat with reporters . He simply walked to the back of the papal airplane , sat down with a group of journalists and took questions for about 45 minutes , answering in Italian . When the Vatican spokesman suggested he stop after half an hour to rest , the Pope indicated he was happy to continue . Such informality has become a hallmark of Pope Francis . Stressing that sex abuse constitutes a horrific crime , he told reporters that three bishops are under investigation . One has already been found guilty and a penalty is being considered , he said . It was not clear whether the bishops are under investigation for alleged abuse , or for purported involvement in some sort of cover-up . None of those clerics were named . A priest who abuses a child betrays the body of the Lord , the Pope said , according to pool reports . He called for zero tolerance . "  This is very serious , " he said . "  It is like , by way of comparison , holding a black Mass. . You are supposed to lead them to sanctity and instead you lead them to a problem that will last their entire lives . " Among the expected invitees to the meeting are abuse victims from Germany , England and Ireland , and Cardinal Sean O'Malley , the archbishop of Boston . Terrence Donilon , a spokesman for the cardinal , said the time and date of the meeting have not been finalized . "  Cardinal O'Malley has been asked by the Holy Father to assist with the planning for a meeting with survivors of sexual abuse in the coming months , " said Donilon . "  The cardinal looks forward to supporting this effort by Pope Francis in whatever manner will be most helpful . " The meeting at the Vatican will not be the first time a pope has met with sexual abuse victims , according to John L. Allen Jr. , CNN 's senior Vatican analyst . However , it will mark the first time Pope Francis has done so . "  This is a clear indication that Francis is trying to get the message out that he ` gets it ' about the need to confront the church 's abuse scandals , " Allen said . However , the U.S.-based Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests said the pope 's comments did not go far enough . "  No child rape will be prevented , no abuse cover-up will be prevented and no predator priest will be exposed by anything the pope said today or will do next month , " Joelle Casteix , western regional director of SNAP , said in a statement . "  His upcoming and self-serving meeting with victims is more of what we 've seen for decades -- more gestures , promises , symbolism and public relations . " When reporters asked about celibacy in the clergy , Pope Francis showed an open mind but did n't say he 's ready to make a change yet . "  The Catholic Church has married priests -- Greek Catholics , Coptic Catholics , those of oriental rites , " he said . "  Celibacy is not a question of dogma , but rather a rule of life that I greatly appreciate , as I believe it is a gift for the Church . But , since it is not a dogma of faith , the door is always open . " The pontiff spoke as he was returning to Rome from a three-day trip to the Middle East . During that trip , the Pope extended an invitation to the leaders of Israel and the Palestinian Authority to travel to the Vatican for peace talks . In comments aboard the plane , he clarified the talks would not focus on finding a solution . "  It will be a meeting of prayer , " he said . The Pope also appeared to open the door to the possibility he might resign one day , like his predecessor , if he no longer had the strength to carry on . "  I think that Pope Benedict XVI was not a unique case , " Francis told reporters . "  I will do what God tells me to do . " Kick out those who sexually abuse children , U.N. panel tells Vatican Vatican setting up commission against sexual abuse of minors CNN 's Eric Marrapodi contributed to this report .	NEW : Pope says "  the door is always open " on celibacy discussions The meeting would mark his first with a group of abuse victims Speaking to reporters aboard the papal plane , the pontiff called for zero tolerance While in Mideast , he invites Israeli , Palestinian leaders to Vatican to pray
CNN  -- Minimum wages are on top of the political agenda in many countries . U.S. President Barack Obama 's proposal to raise the federal minimum wage from the current $ 7.25 to $ 10 per hour seems blocked by Congress , but individual states and cities are raising minimum wages within their jurisdictions -- Seattle 's mayor , for example , proposes a new $ 15 minimum . Germany looks set to introduce a national minimum wage for the first time , after months of fierce debates . In the UK , politicians from all the main parties are falling over themselves to find some way to inject new vigor into the UK 's national minimum wage . Even the free market redoubt of Hong Kong introduced a national minimum wage in 2011 . But it 's not all travel in one direction . Last weekend , 76 % of voters were opposed to a proposal to raise the Swiss minimum wage to what would have been the world 's highest , about $ 25 per hour . So , why this widespread enthusiasm for the minimum wage ? There is both economics and politics at play . The main argument against the minimum wage is that it destroys jobs , harming those it sets out to help . But evidence suggests that this is often just a scare story . When the UK introduced its national minimum wage in 1999 , critics predicted hundreds of thousands of job losses . The actual impact seemed to be zero . This experience and other studies have shifted the expert opinion on the minimum wage . Few dispute that there comes a point at which minimum wage is so high that it destroys jobs . But this does not happen at the current levels of minimum wages in many countries . The reason the minimum wage seems to have little effect on employment , is that total labor costs do not rise as much as one would expect as costs of turnover and absenteeism are reduced . Moreover , the incentive to work rises as wages rise for low-skill workers . Most workers earning are not in sectors where they would be facing international competition so prices rise a little bit . And many low-paid workers are in an vulnerable economic position and are paid less than the value of what they produce . So yes , the minimum wage does help low-paid workers -- it raises their earnings without harming their job prospects . It helps to reduce poverty . But it alone can not solve the problem of poverty . Many people earning minimum wage , such as students , are not living in poor households . And many poor households do not contain minimum wage workers . Indeed , the poorest households are those with no-one in work . So why the push for higher mimum wage ? Many people think there is something very wrong with an economic system in which someone who works hard is still unable to provide an adequate standard of living for themselves and their families . Such views have always been common , but are much more common after the crisis when living standards are threatened and the link between growth and people 's welfare seems to have been severed . In some places , these political pressures seem likely to lead to minimum wages much higher than we have seen in recent experience , perhaps around 60 % of median earnings . This is the point at which many economists get nervous that the negative effects on employment must surely kick in but we do not have many studies to know whether these concerns are valid . But it seems likely we may be about to find out . Opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Manning .	Minimum wages are at the top of the political agenda in many countries Economist Alan Manning says the concept of minimum wage is popular with voters But there is a point at which minimum wage is so high that it destroys jobs , he says
CNN  Suzanne Crough , the child actress who portrayed youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s musical sitcom "  The Partridge Family , " has died . She was 52 . Crough passed away Monday at home in Laughlin , Nevada , the Clark County Coroner 's Office said . Tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling "  Partridge Family " band . The group consisted of a widowed mom , played by Shirley Jones , and her five children , played by David Cassidy , Susan Dey , Danny Bonaduce , Brian Forster and Crough . Band manager Reuben Kincaid , played by Dave Madden , rounded out the cast . The band had real hit songs with "  Come On Get Happy " and "  I Think I Love You , " though not all the members really sang or played instruments . The show aired from 1970-74 . People we 've lost in 2015 Redheaded Crough was raised in Los Angeles , the youngest of eight children , according to The Hollywood Reporter . Crough also starred in the TV series "  Mulligan 's Stew " and had spots on other series in the '70s . She appeared in a "  Partridge Family " reunion on the "  Today " show in 2010 . "  I 'm an office manager for Office Max , " she told host Matt Lauer . "  I have two daughters , I 'm married , I have a normal job . " CNN 's Henry Hanks contributed to this report .	Suzanne Crough was the youngest member of TV 's "  Partridge Family " Crough died Monday at 52 in Nevada
CNN  -- A day after parting ways with President Francois Hollande , France 's former first lady discreetly left Paris for India on Sunday to support a nonprofit organization , CNN affiliate BFMTV reported . Valerie Trierweiler boarded an Air France flight to Mumbai with an entourage that included her friend actress Charlotte Valandrey , BFMTV reported from the French capital 's Charles de Gaulle Airport . Valandrey told BFMTV that Trierweiler "  was very happy to leave for that mission to save children in India . ... She is a strong woman with a heart ... someone who can be counted on and who is engaged in a humanitarian cause . " While in India , her schedule will include attending a charity gala dinner , Action Against Hunger said on its website . It will be her first public appearance since a media storm over Hollande 's alleged affair with an actress erupted this month . French president says it 's over Goodbye message Hollande declared his relationship with Trierweiler over on Saturday . "  I wish to make it known that I have ended my shared life  partnership  with Valerie Trierweiler , " Hollande told the Agence France-Presse news agency . Hollande 's private life has been the subject of global headlines since the French magazine Closer claimed this month he 'd been having an affair with actress Julie Gayet for two years . Speculation about the split swirled Saturday after a French national weekly reported Hollande was expected to announce his separation from Trierweiler later in the day . But the French presidency initially denied the report that an announcement would be made . "  It is a rumor that circulated on the Internet today . There is absolutely no confirmation of the publication of a statement today , " the palace press officer told CNN . Hollande meets with Pope Francis amid scandal U.S. trip planned for February Hollande has not confirmed or denied the alleged affair but did threaten legal action . At his first news conference of the year , Hollande said he and Trierweiler were going through "  painful moments . " The allegations had left Trierweiler 's position in some doubt ahead of a planned trip to Washington in February . Last weekend , Trierweiler left the hospital where she had spent a week being treated for stress and fatigue , Paris Match reported . The magazine also said she would recover for "  several days " in an official residence in Versailles . Hollande , 59 , has seen his personal approval ratings plummet since his election , although this has been attributed to dissatisfaction with his leadership rather than disapproval of his private life . A recent survey by French pollster Ifop with the weekly Le Journal du Dimanche found that more than 80 % of respondents had not changed their opinion of the President based on the allegations of an affair . Hollande has four children from a previous relationship with Segolene Royal , a senior member of his Socialist Party and a 2007 presidential candidate . Royal announced their separation just after she lost the 2007 election to Nicolas Sarkozy . Opinion : Is it time to consign role of First Spouse to history ? Editors ' Note : This article has been edited to remove plagiarized content after CNN discovered multiple instances of plagiarism by Marie-Louise Gumuchian , a former CNN news editor . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report	Valerie Trierweiler leaves Paris for India in honor of an anti-hunger charity Hollande declared relationship over on Saturday Trierweiler sent farewell message to Elysee staff Allegations about Hollande 's personal life fueled a media frenzy
CNN  -- Heavy snow in northern Japan claimed the lives of eight people over the weekend , while a blizzard forced a high-speed bullet train to derail . In one incident , a woman and her three children were found dead on Saturday after becoming trapped in their car in Nakashibetsu , a town in eastern Hokkaido prefecture , police told CNN . Authorities believe they died of carbon monoxide poisoning as the car 's engine was left running and filled with exhaust fumes . The vehicle 's exhaust pipe and windows were buried under snow . A 23-year-old woman , also from Nakashibetsu , died Sunday after she was found collapsed on farmland near the town . Police said she had abandoned her car , which was found a few hundred meters away . Elsewhere in the region , a 53-year-old man and his nine-year-old daughter were discovered unconscious after being buried in snow on farmland near Yubetsu in Monbetsu district . The father was pronounced dead at hospital , but his daughter is now conscious and does not have any life-threatening injuries , police said . The two went missing after leaving their home Saturday afternoon in a truck to visit a friend of the father . Police and rescue workers found the truck on a road Saturday evening and the man and his daughter Sunday morning . According to local media , the father had covered his daughter with his body to try to warm her under heavy snow . The bodies of two other men -- ages 74 and 54 -- were also found outside Sunday . They are believed to have gotten lost after leaving their snow-trapped cars , and police say the elder man froze to death ; the other 's man 's death is under investigation . Meanwhile , a six-car bullet train en route from Tokyo to Akita on the high-speed Akita Shinkansen line derailed on Saturday afternoon after the front wheels of the train 's first car left the track in blizzard conditions near Daisen in Akita prefecture . Nobody on board was injured , and the service resumed on Monday , a spokesperson for operator JR East told CNN . Local media reports said the train remained in the same spot for six hours in snowy weather with 130 passengers stranded inside . Investigators from JR East are looking into the cause of the incident .	Woman and her children found dead in their snow-trapped car Four other people in Hokkaido prefecture froze to death during weekend High-speed train derailed in blizzard conditions in Akita prefecture
CNN  -- The only criminal charge to come out of the academic fraud scandal at the University of North Carolina has been dropped . Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall announced on Thursday that ex-professor Julius Nyang ` oro would no longer be facing a felony fraud charge . He was accused of taking money to teach classes that did n't exist . Woodall said the decision was based on Nyang ` oro 's cooperation , both with the criminal investigation , which is over , and the university-sanctioned investigation being done by former federal prosecutor Ken Wainstein . Wainstein was hired this year by UNC to do another internal investigation , since past investigations pinning the sole blame on Nyang ` oro have not satisfied questions and curiosity from the community and from critics of UNC who think the scope of the fake classes was much bigger than UNC admits . The so called "  paper classes " scandal involves hundreds of classes that never met and required little work , and even though many athletes were enrolled in them , UNC and the NCAA have been criticized for saying the issue had nothing to do with athletics . That all makes the cooperation of Nyang ` oro a game-changer in the quest to find answers , and Woodall said last week that is the reason he had been considering dropping the charges . He said he felt it was better for the community to understand who else knew about the fake classes and who created them than it was for one professor to be punished criminally . "  Even though it 's a noncriminal investigation , that is more important than this , " Woodall said , referring to Wainstein 's review . Nyang ` oro 's cooperation also led to the NCAA announcing it would reopen its investigation into academic fraud at UNC . It previously had found no athletic scandal . But in the last few months , a flurry of reporting has called that into question . Several athletes have said they were pushed into the fake classes by athletic advisers , and whistle-blower Mary Willingham has said that many star athletes were kept eligible by taking the classes . "  That 's not just Julius Nyang ` oro , " Willingham said . "  It 's what we , the university , used to keep athletes eligible and that just is the truth . " Willingham was a UNC employee who told reporters about the classes . She has since quit her job and filed suit against the university . Wainstein said Nyang ` oro 's cooperation has been very valuable . "  He has answered all of our questions regarding the academic and athletic dimensions of the irregular courses offered in the department of African and Afro-American Studies , and he has provided important insights and information we would otherwise not have received , " Wainstein said . Wainstein said last week that his team has so far collected 1.5 million e-mails and documents , talked to 30 people in the athletic-academic areas of UNC and is looking at athlete transcripts going back to the 1980s . That 's something no other UNC investigation had done . "  UNC is the mother of all academic fraud violations , " said Gerald Gurney , president of the Drake Group for Academic Integrity in College Sport . " ... Theres no doubt in my mind about cooperation of friendly faculty and the cover-up and the excuses of this kind of behavior that has gone on in the university . ... It 's egregious . "  It 's quite likely that if it is shown that this is a long-term systematic scheme on the part of the university that UNC will need to vacate wins , " Gurney said . NCAA reopens paper class investigation at UNC Whistle-blower in UNC paper class case files lawsuit UNC : We failed students ` for years '	Felony fraud charges dropped against professor , DA says Professor was accused of taking money to teach classes that did n't exist UNC pushed athletes toward the fake classes , whistle-blower says
CNN  -- Italian Simone Bertazzo climbs into the cockpit of his Ferrari . He straps on his helmet and slides his hands into his gloves . In his mind he prepares to go fast -- very fast . Over the next two minutes he will navigate a hair-raising track , grappling for control of his "  Prancing Horse " at speeds in excess of 90 mph as his body strains and contorts . But Bertazzo is not behind the wheel of a Formula One car and perhaps even more disconcertingly there 's no safety belt to restrain him should things go awry . Instead he is at the front end of a bobsled and the driver for the Italian team heading to the 2014 Winter Games . The bobsled Bertazzo and compatriots will pilot is the latest product of collaboration between the Italian Olympic Committee  CONI  and the country 's legendary automotive manufacturer , who are providing design input to hopefully deliver medal success in Sochi in next year 's Winter Olympics . "  The idea was to share the knowledge between our institute and Ferrari to try to improve all the sports where technology plays a big part in the results , " CONI deputy general secretary Carlo Mornati told CNN . "  The first option was to start with something that was very similar to the cars , to F1 and I think , in the world of sport , the bobsled was the first option . " Ferrari is synonymous with high performance , from its sleek , stylish road cars to the F1 machines which have made it the most the most successful constructor in the sport 's history . CONI 's partnership with Ferrari dates back to 2006 , with a Maranello-designed sled taking to the track at the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver , Canada . Two years later at the Youth Olympics in Innsbruck , Austria , Ferrari 's two-man sled was piloted to gold by Patrick Baumgartner and Alessandro Grande . Now Bertazzo will bid to replicate his younger countrymen 's success by guiding his sled to the top of the podium in February . "  Ferrari has listened to our advice to the letter , studying every little detail and CONI has played a crucial role in coordination , " Bertazzo said in a statement released by the CONI earlier this month . F1 and bobsled are sports where thousandths of a second can be the difference between success and failure , small margins within which Ferrari 's team of engineers are used to operating . "  We have selected from our F1 team and our road cars department some engineers who have achieved some brilliant results in F1 and were looking for new opportunities within the company , " explained Ferrari engineer Ferdinando Cannizzo . "  After that we set up a brand new team , defined a new area and put this team to work on this new program . "  Clearly a new team is a new challenge , but it seems that results are coming , so we succeed . " CONI is not the only Olympic committee looking to motorsport for a competitive edge . The British team will be riding a sled developed in conjunction with McLaren , while the Americans will be piloting a BMW-crafted sled at the newly-built Sanki sliding center . But Ferrari 's involvement with CONI does n't end with bobsled . Other winter disciplines such as skiing have benefited from wind tunnel testing and Ferrari 's knowledge of aerodynamics , as well as Summer Games sports such as archery , rowing , canoeing and kayaking . Ferrari 's work in all of those events involves helping an object move through the air , water or snow with minimal drag , which is where aerodynamics engineer Luciano Mariella comes in . "  At the moment our aerodynamic approach is based on wind tunnel tests and numerical simulation based on commutation of fluid dynamics , " explained Mariella . "  This is the most important approach because every tool has its strengths and weaknesses and the integrated approach is telling us how to achieve the best possible results . " If Mariella and his team get in right , then there should be nothing but clear air between the Italian team and Olympic gold in Sochi .	Italy will ride a Ferrari-designed bobsled at the 2012 Winter Games Italian Olympic Committee has been partnered with Ferrari since 2006 A Ferrari bobsled won gold for Italy at the 2010 World Youth Games
Twenty years ago , April 5 , 1992 , Suada Dilberovic and Olga Sucic were shot and killed in Sarajevo . They were the shots heard around the world and they started the Bosnian War . I covered that war , and many colleagues are gathering in Sarajevo now to commemorate what took hundreds of thousands of lives , left so many more wounded , and created millions of refugees . This was the war that introduced us to the term "  ethnic cleansing . " The dominant Balkan power at the time , Serbia wanted to keep Yugoslavia together , and failing that , to carve out ethnically pure areas in the breakaway states to create a Greater Serbia . It was a horrible fantasy that sought to destroy an ethnically mixed , intermarried community that had lived peacefully and progressively together in Bosnia . This war was defining for the region , for the world and for those of us who covered it . See some amazing photos from the war We witnessed the heroic resistance of a population under siege and shelling and sniping for nearly four years . We learned the pain of watching men , women and children brutally slaughtered . These were the non-combatants , casually targeted in the crosshairs of the sniper 's rifle , blown apart by mortar shells when they went to collect water , bread , fuel or even heading to school . We learned the bitter cynicism of the international community that refused for some time to intervene , the United States and its allies finding every which way , and every tortured rhetorical device -- including refusing to use the word genocide -- to avoid getting off the sidelines . I will never forget going to the funerals , one for a little girl called Almedina . Sarajevo had run short of everything even the letter "  A " so Almedina 's grave marker could not be spelled correctly . I will never forget the mothers and fathers who would try to brave the siege around Sarajevo airport , then try to make a dash to the other side where in one village they could buy or scrounge some fresh fruit or vegetables , anything to complement the meager rations and dried food the humanitarian airlift would bring . The night I was out there , a father managed to find a single apple for his child . For that he had risked his life . On Friday more than 11,000 empty chairs will be arranged in silent poignant and powerful memory of Sarajevo 's war dead . Along with the citizens of Sarajevo and other besieged Bosnian towns and villages , many of our colleagues were killed and wounded . And who will ever forget the death camps , the skeletal prisoners who evoked the terrible crimes of World War II ? But this was at the end of the 20th century . This was the satellite age . We were there and we reported the story day in and day out , week after week , month ... year after year . This was the era of "  never again " and it was happening again -- ethnic cleansing and genocide here in our own backyard , and on our watch . We fought back with all the power of our media . For me , Bosnia was where I learned about the truth . Horrified when the do-nothing crowd suggested I was taking sides , or losing my objectivity , I was forced to confront this charge , and examine our Golden Rule . Here in Bosnia I determined that in the face of unspeakable crimes and the most serious violations of international humanitarian order , there is no moral equivalence , no blurring the line between victim and aggressor . Objectivity means giving all sides a fair hearing . It does not mean drawing a false moral equivalence . In this case there is no one-hand-or-the other . And anyone who seeks to hide under that calumny is not just a liar , but an accessory , in this case to genocide . I refused . It is the lesson of my lifetime . As we all know , tens of thousands of deaths later including at Srebrenica in the summer of 1995 , the worst massacre in Europe since World War Two , the U.S. finally intervened with NATO allies , ended the war and launched the peace that holds to this day . No country , no crisis , is the same . Of course Syria is not Bosnia , nor is it Libya , but in Syria today a heavily armed military is besieging and slaughtering ordinary civilians and outgunned rebels too as the state tries to crush an uprising . Just like in Bosnia , the Syrian rebels/opposition have been denied the right to self defense , for fear of "  accelerating the conflict on the ground and making it worse . " Just like in Bosnia when the U.S. and its allies said they could not intervene "  because it 's a civil war and all sides are equally guilty , "  although that was not the case as there was a clear aggressor  in Syria today they say they "  do n't know who to help , who to arm , the opposition is fragmented . " The lesson of Bosnia is that our democratic and free world which seeks to uphold the highest values bestowed on humankind , could no longer watch as ordinary civilians were butchered . It 's a lesson that took too long to implement , and the peace is not perfect , but at least the killing stopped .	Amanpour : Bosnia was where I learned objectivity does not mean drawing a false moral equivalence Amanpour : No crisis is the same but in Syria the military is fighting a heavily outgunned opposition Amanpour : In Bosnia the time came when the world could no longer watch as civilians were butchered
Signing up for Obamacare has become a part-time job for Susan Lane . Starting the minute healthcare.gov went live October 1 , Lane spent five to six hours a day trying to make the site work before she finally managed to enroll two weeks later . She faced error messages and blank screens . The green twirly "  please wait " circle literally haunted her dreams . "  There were days that I would just completely lose my temper with it , " she remembers . "  I 'd want to just slam my laptop down . " But Lane kept with it because she needs insurance -- badly . She suffers from depression , sleep apnea and thyroid problems , and her daughter has Asperger 's syndrome . She was "  immediately relieved " when she signed up on healthcare.gov because before Obamacare , no insurance companies would take them with their pre-existing conditions . Their medical bills totaled hundreds of thousands of dollars and ate up the family 's life savings , and the Lanes declared bankruptcy earlier this year . Healthcare.gov homepage gets makeover "  I wanted the coverage , and I was bound and determined to get it , " Lane said from her Florida home . But will everyone else -- especially healthy people -- be determined enough to stick with healthcare.gov ? Will they spend five hours a day trying to make a website work when they are n't motivated by mounting medical bills ? Obama administration officials have said they need about 2.7 million young , healthy people to sign up -- and that they fully expect them to join at the very last minute . Without those healthy people , Obamacare could be in trouble , since an insurance pool only works well when healthy people , who pay premiums but use few services , are in it to help offset the costs of people like Lane and her daughter . "  It 's incredibly important to have young people in the  insurance  exchanges in the long term , " said Caroline Pearson , a vice president at Avalere Health , a healthcare strategy group . "  And the glitches on the website do n't help the situation at all . " Eventually -- hopefully -- healthcare.gov will become a workable site . But some worry that even then , the website will have been branded as problematic and time-consuming , and some healthy people will prefer to pay the fine for being uninsured , which in many cases is significantly lower than the cost of buying insurance . Official : Obamacare website ` fixable ' by end of November "  Is that perception of this flawed website going to stick with the public , or is it something that can be gotten over ? " asked Michael Perry , a partner at PerryUndem , which does surveying and marketing to young people about health care . "  If it sticks , that 's going to be a problem . "	Susan Lane made it her mission to sign up on healthcare.gov Lane and her family badly needed insurance But will young , healthy people go to such trouble ?
CNN  -- "  F.E.A.R. 3 , " the latest installment in the action-horror series , aims higher than your typical first-person shooter game . It boasts cool combat features , a spooky paranormal story line and some dramatic tension . But because its emphasis is on combat , not thrills , the game is not nearly as scary as it should be . "  F.E.A.R. 3 "  Day 1 Studios , Warner Bros. . Interactive  continues its franchise 's story of a family in conflict as two brothers work together to track down their psychically enhanced mother , Alma , who is about to give birth . However , their reasons for wanting to find dear Mom are totally opposite . Filmmaker John Carpenter , director of the classic fright flick "  Halloween , " helped create cinematics for the game that heighten its fear factor . Comic book horror writer Steve Niles co-wrote the story line . Co-op mode is the preferred mode of play here , allowing you to take advantage of each brother 's skills during combat and strive toward the highest score on each level . You can play as Point Man , who is well versed in military training and technique , or as Paxton Fettel , who was slain during the original "  F.E.A.R " but returns here as a ghost with psychic energy powers . The brothers must navigate wave after wave of soldiers , whacked-out cultists and creepy creatures created from Alma 's mind . The battlefields range from a looted food warehouse to the science bunker where Alma is being held . While the action is pretty linear , there are detours in which you can search for hidden weapons and ammo , psychic link gathering locations , and an Alma doll , which scores big points when found . There are enemies who require some extra work to defeat , including one called a Phase Caster , who summons additional soldiers over and over . Kill him first . Seriously . It is easy to get immersed in the run-and-gun aspects of "  F.E.A.R. 3 , " but keep in mind that it 's also supposed to be a horror game . Remember , Mom is a psychic time bomb allegedly waiting to erupt when she gives birth to ... whatever . To be sure , there are some very good horror moments in the game . The apparitions that briefly appear , scare and disappear are disconcerting . And having a ghost brother along during solo mode is a constant reminder . When they occur , the terror elements are jump-out-of-your-seat frightening . It is almost like watching a horror movie from the eyes of the lead actor . The problem is those moments do n't seem to occur as often as you 'd think or hope . There were plenty of times in the game where I forgot it was supposed to be a thriller and not just a shooter . Some levels ' features are so combat-heavy that there 's no room for any memorable paranormal experiences . Early in the game I was peeking around every corner expecting to find some apparition or twisted scene , only to shrug and move on . By the end of the game , I stopped looking for ghosts and just treated everything as a combat scene . Multiplayer modes help make the game fun to replay . You can work together with your teammates to survive waves of enemies emerging from an advancing fog , or be possessed by Alma and try to take over your former teammates . "  F.E.A.R 3 " is a well-made first-person shooter that will challenge players with intelligent enemies and compelling battles . Sadly , the frights are n't quite as jarring as they could have been . Which , I 'm sure , makes the ghosts very sad . Boo . "  F.E.A.R. 3 " is playable on the PC , PlayStation 3 , and Xbox 360 . It is available now in North America , Australia and the UK . The game is rated M for mature due to blood and gore , intense violence , partial nudity and strong language . This review was done after playing the Xbox 360 version .	"  F.E.A.R. 3 " aims higher than your typical shooter game , with some dramatic tension The game is the story of two brothers trying to find their mother The brothers must wade through wave after wave of soldiers and whacked out cultists Sadly , the frights are n't quite as jarring as they could have been
CNN  -- English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur have confirmed the appointment of former Chelsea manager Andre Villas-Boas as their new head coach . The 34-year-old lasted just nine months at Tottenham 's London rivals , and was sacked in March after a run of disappointing results left them languishing in sixth place in the league . Prior to his spell at Stamford Bridge Villas-Boas enjoyed a record-breaking first season at Portuguese club Porto , winning a domestic double as well as the Europa League . He replaces Harry Redknapp who was dismissed by Tottenham three weeks ago . "  Tottenham Hotspur is a great club with a strong tradition and fantastic support , both at home and throughout the world , " Villas-Boas told the club 's official website . "  I feel privileged to be its coach . For me , this is one of the most exciting coaching positions in the Premier League . "  I have had several discussions with the chairman and the board and I share their vision for the future progress of the club . "  This is a squad any coach would love to work with and together I believe we can bring success in the seasons ahead . " Redknapp guided Tottenham to fourth place in the Premier League last season but the club missed out on European Champions League qualification after Chelsea won the continent 's premier club competition . That triumph , overseen by Villas-Boas ' successor at Stamford Bridge , former player Roberto Di Matteo , meant Chelsea took Tottenham 's place by virtue of being crowned champions . Di Matteo has since been appointed Chelsea 's permanent boss , while Villas-Boas has swapped one London club for another . Tottenham 's chairman Daniel Levy , said of the appointment : "  I am delighted that Andre has agreed to become our new Head Coach . "  He has an outstanding reputation for his technical knowledge of the game and for creating well-organized teams capable of playing football in an attractive and attacking style . "  Andre shares our long-term ambitions and ethos of developing players and nurturing young talent , and he will be able to do so now at a new world class Training Centre . "	Andre Villas-Boas appointed as new manager of Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur Portuguese coach was sacked as Chelsea boss in March after only nine months in charge The 34-year-old replaces Harry Redknapp who was sacked three weeks ago Villas-Boas enjoyed successful year at Porto prior to Chelsea job , winning four trophies
When Beyonce tells people to "  bow down , " they listen . Now the star is hoping to bring the same show-stopping power to the issue of gender inequality with an essay on Maria Shriver 's website , The Shriver Report . In "  The Shriver Report : A Woman 's Nation Pushes Back from the Brink , " the 32-year-old pop star -- writing under her full name , Beyonce Knowles-Carter -- proclaims that "  gender equality is a myth ! " The "  average working woman earns only 77 percent of what the average working man makes . But unless women and men both say this is unacceptable , things will not change . " Humanity , she continues , "  requires both men and women , and we are equally important and need one another . ... We have to teach our boys the rules of equality and respect , so that as they grow up , gender equality becomes a natural way of life . And we have to teach our girls that they can reach as high as humanly possible . " Her words are likely familiar to those who know her music , which references the trials of womanhood and female empowerment going all the way back to her work with Destiny 's Child . That 's not to imply that Beyonce 's pop music message does n't have its conflicts . In the 1999 Destiny 's Child song , "  Bills , Bills , Bills , " the lyrics scold a lover who 's gone from footing the bill to asking for money . "  Silly me , why have n't I found another , " the song continues . "  Can you pay my bills ? ... If you did then maybe we could chill . " On the other hand , there are Destiny 's Child anthems like "  Independent Women , " Parts I and II , with lyrics such as "  I buy my own diamonds and I buy my own rings . ... Try to control me , boy you get dismissed , " which became a nightclub rallying cry . Given her prominence and success , her statements on womanhood and feminism are often a source of public debate . Last April , Beyonce told British Vogue that she hesitated to call herself a feminist .  Katy Perry similarly ducked the designation while accepting 2012 's Billboard Woman of the Year award , during which she said she 's "  not a feminist , " but does "  believe in the strength of women . " The word feminist "  can be very extreme , " she told Vogue . "  But I guess I am a modern-day feminist . I do believe in equality . Why do you have to choose what type of woman you are ? Why do you have to label yourself anything ? I 'm just a woman and I love being a woman . " A woman , for the record , who celebrates the power of women -- that much is clear from her two most recent albums alone . On her 2011 disc "  4 " there was the self-assured "  Who Run the World  Girls  ? , " in which she praises the power of women : "  My persuasion/can build a nation ...  We 're  smart enough to make these millions/strong enough to bear the children/then get back to business . " And her chart-topping surprise 2013 release , the self-titled "  Beyonce , " has been endlessly debated as a symbol of her feminist perspective -- or lack thereof . In the song " *** Flawless " from that album Beyonce samples words from celebrated writer Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie 's April 2013 TED Talk "  We Should All Be Feminists . " "  Because I am female , I am expected to aspire to marriage , " Adichie says in the sample . "  Marriage can be a source of joy and love and mutual support , but why do we teach girls to aspire to marriage , and we do n't teach boys the same ? " In her piece for The Shriver Report , Beyonce echoes Adichie 's perspective , saying "  these old attitudes are drilled into us from the very beginning . ... Men have to demand that their wives , daughters , mothers , and sisters earn more -- commensurate with their qualifications and not their gender . Equality will be achieved when men and women are granted equal pay and equal respect . " The singer 's contribution is one of many pieces that fill Shriver 's report , which explores the rates of financial insecurity among American women , examines its impact , and offers solutions for change . Along with Beyonce , Shriver 's report pulled in actress Eva Longoria , who wrote a piece entitled "  Empowering Latinas , " and basketball star LeBron James , who penned an appreciation of the nation 's working mothers . The report , which is in partnership with the Center for American Progress , can be downloaded for free here .	Beyonce addresses gender inequality in an essay on Maria Shriver 's website The singer points out the gap in average income between men and women The topic is something she also touches on frequently in her music Beyonce : We need to stop buying into the myth about gender equality
CNN  -- Lebanon stunned traditional regional powerhouses South Korea 2-1 in Beirut on Tuesday to boost their hopes of qualifying for the last stage of Asia 's 2014 World Cup qualifying . Lebanon lost 6-0 to the Koreans in in September 's away fixture in the first game under new coach Theo Bucker , but the German has overseen a big improvement since then . Central defender Ali Al Saadi put the Middle East side ahead after just five minutes , but the visitors leveled on 20 from the spot as Koo Ja-Cheol slotted home . But the Wolfsburg midfielder blotted his copybook by tripping Mahmoud el Ali , and Abbas Atwi converted the winning penalty just after half an hour . Lebanon now trail 2002 World Cup semifinalists South Korea only on goal difference , with Kuwait two points further back ahead of the final round of Group B matches after beating United Arab Emirates 2-1 . Australia booked passage to the second round of qualifying with an unconvincing 1-0 win in Thailand . Blackburn 's Brett Emerton set up Brett Holman for his second-half headed winner as the Socceroos went through as Group D winners . Saudi Arabia and Oman fought to a 0-0 draw and will battle it out with Thailand to decide the second qualifying place in the final round . Iran also progressed with a game to spare , beating Indonesia 4-1 before a goalless draw in Doha between Qatar and Bahrain confirmed their qualification . Bahrain must win against Indonesia in the concluding matches on February 29 , while the Qataris need a point against Iran to go through . Iraq ended China 's hopes of qualifying from Group A by beating leaders Jordan 3-1 to claim the second spot . China had earlier won 4-0 against Singapore with a late Zheng Zheng double . Japan had already gone through from Group C , but the Blue Samurai 's 20-match unbeaten run ended with a 1-0 defeat to bitter rivals North Korea in Pyongyang . Pak Nam Chol 's 50th-minute header secured the victory , but in a bad-tempered game the home side had Jong Il Gwan sent off in the 77th minute . "  It was a physical match in a tough environment , " Japan coach Alberto Zaccheroni told broadcaster TBS . Uzbekistan beat Tajikistan 3-0 to go three points clear at the top of the group . The top two teams from each of five groups reach the final stage , where a round-robin is played to decide on four places for the 2014 finals in Brazil . The fifth-placed team go into an intercontinental playoff . In the first round of Africa qualifying , Emmanuel Adebayor returned to international action as Togo beat Guinea-Bissau 1-0 to progress to the second stage after a first-leg draw . The Tottenham striker had retired from representing his country after the January 2010 gun attack on the Togo team bus before the African Cup of Nations . Serge Gakpe , who scored in the opening 1-1 draw , netted a second-minute winner for the Sparrowhawks . The Democratic Republic of Congo also went through after beating Swaziland 5-1 to win 8-2 on aggregate , while Congo progressed 6-1 on aggregate despite being held 1-1 by Sao Tome e Principe . Lesotho and Tanzania triumphed by virtue of the away-goals rule at the expense of Burundi and Chad respectively , despite both nations losing the second legs . Kenya , Mozambique , Namibia , Rwanda and 2012 Africa Cup of Nations co-hosts Equatorial Guinea also made it to the second stage .	Lebanon stun South Korea 2-1 to keep alive World Cup qualifying hopes Australia book passage to Asia second round with 1-0 win in Thailand Iran thrash Indonesia 4-1 to book their place in 10-team second stage Iraq beat Jordan 3-1 win to eliminate China
Editor 's note : Watch "  The Situation Room " at 5 p.m. ET Tuesday for more from CNN 's Brooke Baldwin about the dog rescue . Authorities raided a residence in Laurens County , Georgia , and found dogs scarred and malnourished . LAURENS COUNTY , Georgia  CNN  -- It was 8 a.m. October 15 . Our CNN crew had been up for a while , waiting . We still did n't have an address . My producer , Susan Brown , and I had several questions : What would the living conditions of these dogs be like ? What about the man whose door the Sheriff 's Office was about to knock on ? He was unaware of the raid that was about to occur in his backyard . Despite all of our planning , unknown variables were at play . First stop was the Sheriff 's Office in Laurens County , which is in central Georgia . Starting with information from a tip line , authorities had uncovered clues that led them to believe they needed to intervene and investigate . The plan was this : The sheriff would drive to the property to execute the search warrant for particular objects generally associated with dogfighting , and for the dogs themselves . Watch the dog raid unfold " Expressing concerns about the conditions at this private residence where dogs were suspected of being bred for dogfighting , Laurens County Sheriff Bill Harrell said , "  If anything is going wrong , we want to get it stopped . " Private investigators with Norred and Associates Inc. will work alongside Harrell and his deputies , leading tactical teams . The teams were made up of veteran investigators donating their time , effort and expertise , along with volunteers of the Dublin-Laurens County Humane Society , who would collect and care for the dogs . All of the team members had experience with animals , particularly pit bulls . Based on information from the tip line , they were starting the day prepared to find as many as 60 dogs chained up in the woods behind one man 's house in East Dublin , Georgia . These men and women waited , braced for battle -- only the war they were waging was on animal cruelty . "  I want to thank everybody for coming . It 's for a good thing . It 's for the dogs . " Chuck Simmons , a private investigator and former police chief , was mapping out the search area on a dry erase board . He was warning his crew about snakes , water from recent rains and nonsocialized dogs . After loading up crates on several trucks , everyone headed out . With the address of the raid location in hand , our crew joined a convoy of half a dozen cars down several rural roads to our final location . We arrived at a one-story ranch house with several acres of grounds . The sheriff beat us there . He and his deputies were already roping off this man 's front yard with yellow crime tape . Rollin Monta "  Monty " Loyd , the property owner , appeared furious . As the teams moved into the woods behind his home , our crew was stuck in front and across the street . We could not go on the property to get the shots we wanted , because that would be trespassing . We could n't see the dogs , but we could hear them . The private investigators , who were part of the raid , videotaped the operation . Half an hour into the raid , reports began to come in . The good news : The dogs were still there ; news of the raid had n't leaked . The bad news : There were n't 60 dogs , as anticipated ; there were more . The final count was 97 . Most of the dogs were pit bull terriers ; many were puppies . They were found cowering in cages or chained . Some older dogs were scarred -- possible signs of fighting , investigators said . Others were malnourished , simply skin and bone . Their conditions were atrocious , according to Terry Wolf of the Dublin-Laurens County Humane Society . "  Their chains are too short to reach shelter , those who have shelter . The water that they have seems to be recent rainwater with algae in it , and I 've seen no food bowls . Most of them are very timid , " Wolf said . "  They seem to be human-friendly , but they 're attention starved , and they 're definitely not socialized . You can tell they 've been living hidden in the woods , out of sight . " Irene Sumner , director of the Dublin-Laurens County Humane Society , talked through tears , overcome before the count had been completed . She told us about a puppy found dead and tossed aside into a used plastic bag . "  I would n't do that to anybody . How can they -- what do you need 80-plus dogs for ? There 's no reason for it . It would be totally different if it was a kennel situation where they were housed , fed , vetted , all of the above . We do n't know all of the information on that yet , but you can visually see that that 's not the case here , " Sumner said . The Sheriff 's Office says no evidence of dogfighting or training was found on the property , but veterinarians will examine the dogs for any physical signs of fighting . Test results will take several days . As volunteers continued to count dogs and buzzards circled overhead , property owner Loyd waited out front with members of his family . He was angry . CNN tried to speak to him , to give him a chance to tell his side of the story . He did n't want to talk . Instead , he shouted to go see his lawyer . When reached , Loyd 's attorney said : "  My client has not participated in dogfighting and is not charged with dogfighting . " Loyd was arrested and charged with animal cruelty . Neighbors and family members whom CNN spoke with came to his defense , saying Loyd loved the dogs and they were bred to be pets . The founder and CEO of the private investigation firm heading up this raid is n't buying it . Since the story broke about NFL player Michael Vick 's dogfighting ring , Greg Norred has been donating his firm 's time and expertise and his own money to rescuing dogs . "  I 'm an animal lover . I 've always been an animal lover . And in the wake of the Michael Vick case , I always thought there might be something I could do about animal cruelty , and with the type of business that I 'm in and the resources that I have , it seems like dogfighting is the best vehicle that I can use to do something about animal cruelty . " In the past two years , Norred 's team has volunteered for at least 16 raids . They 've helped put 20 people behind bars and saved 200 dogs . Make that almost 300 after this most recent raid . Several hours into the raid , the first group of dogs was transported from the woods to an undisclosed location . A CNN crew was allowed to go but could shoot only from inside this building . Investigators feared that if there were any identifiable marks outside the property , someone might recognize it and steal the dogs . Authorities could n't take that chance . But they did allow video of some of the dogs from inside the cages . They had taken many puppies , which looked helpless . Volunteers feared one puppy would n't make it through the night . The next step for these dogs is to determine which ones are healthy enough to possibly be adopted . Some , sadly , wo n't share that fate . They 'll have to be put down .	The plan : Laurens County sheriff would execute search warrant on home The claim : dogs at private residence allegedly bred to fight Authorities find : Almost 100 dogs chained , some malnourished , others scarred
CNN  -- Gregg Looney is one for tradition . Although he and his buddies did n't catch anything at all during a fishing trip last summer , he had so much fun they all decided to do it again this year . So last week the Dracut , Massachusetts , native and his four longtime friends set out for an entire day fishing off the coast of Cape Cod . What a difference a year makes . After dropping anchor a few miles off of Provincetown at around 8 a.m. , Gregg baited his first hook of the day . "  And then all of the sudden , Boom ! " Gregg told CNN . That boom was a 920-pound Bluefin tuna on the other end of his line . "  It dragged us around the ocean for three hours " he said . "  We had to cut the anchor ! " It took the strength of all of them -- rotating every 15 or 20 minutes -- to reel it in . After the 9-foot-long tuna was taken back to the dock , it was cleaned , stripped of the bones and was sold for $ 4,000 . It was enough tuna to fill nearly 2,000 of the 5-ounce cans sold in the grocery store . Will the gang do it again next summer ? "  You bet " Looney says . "  In the same spot , on the same day , at the same time , on same boat , with same crew , and I 'm even going to use the same hook "	Gregg Looney and some pals went fishing off the coast of Massachusetts last week It took them three hours to reel in the huge Bluefin The 9-foot-long fish sold for $ 4,000
CNN  Boko Haram , the Nigeria-based Islamist terror group , has pledged allegiance to ISIS , according to an audio message purported to be from Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau . In the audio , which was posted online Saturday , the speaker says Boko Haram is announcing its "  allegiance to the Caliph of the Muslims , Ibrahim ibn Awad ibn Ibrahim al-Husseini al-Qurashi , " which is another name for ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . CNN has not been able to independently authenticate the message . But Jacob Zenn , an expert on the terror group and is with the Jamestown Foundation , said the recording appeared to be authentic . He said that while other messages have been faked , the speaker in this one is Shekau . "  Boko Haram joining the ISIS fold makes sense to both groups , " he said from Abuja , Nigeria . "  Boko Haram will get legitimacy , which will help its recruiting , funding and logistics as it expands into  French-speaking  West Africa . It will also get guidance from ISIS in media warfare and propaganda . Previously Boko Haram was a sort of outcast in the global Jihadi community . Now it is perhaps ISIS 's biggest affiliate . "  ISIS gets more international legitimacy as a global caliphate . " Zenn said the allegiance will be official when an ISIS leader such as spokesman Abu Mohammed al Adnani issues a statement . Boko Haram has had two main factions -- one led by Shekau and the other comprising former members of Ansaru , a Boko Haram offshoot . Ansaru had been operating from around 2012 as the Nigerian wing of AQIM  al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb  . After the French-led intervention in Mali in 2013 , a significant number of Ansaru members re-integrated with Shekau , Zenn told CNN . The prerequisite for Boko Haram joining ISIS coalition was a coming together of two factions . ISIS connected with former Ansaru fighters within Boko Haram and pressed them to further unify the group 's ranks . The result was the formation of a unity general command between the two factions . That involved bridging of some ideological differences between the al Qaeda-like Ansaru and the ultra extreme "  takfiri " - like Shekau . The pledge follows a period during which Shekau 's faction had been mimicking ISIS , including praising al-Baghdadi and featuring his image in their videos and photos . Zenn said that until recently there had been little feedback from ISIS , apart from a few references to Nigerian jihadis in recent issues of the English-language Dabiq magazine . It appears that a month ago ISIS set up a Twitter account on which Saturday 's message was linked , Zenn said . The Twitter handle was mutually promoted by Boko Haram and ISIS . In July , Shekau voiced support for ISIS , and declared a overtaken town in northeast Nigeria to be part of an Islamic caliphate . But he also said he was praying for al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri and Taliban leader Mullah Omar . U.S. intelligence officials have some doubts the two groups would get along . The CIA 's analysis has been that Boko Haram is very African and rooted in that region 's Islamic practices , even if they have similar fundamentalist interpretations of Islam . And ISIS 's Arab leadership and membership tends to have racist attitudes toward blacks , not unlike the society they come from . ISIS leaders view Shekau as inferior , partly for racist reasons , the CIA indicated at a briefing for reporters . Boko Haram , whose name translates as "  Western education is sin , " has been waging a yearslong campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law . Boko Haram 's tactics have intensified in recent years , from battling Nigerian government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages , mass kidnappings , assassinations , market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques . Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria . But neighboring countries , such as Cameroon and Chad , have also been hit increasingly hard . CNN 's Steve Almasy and Evan Perez contributed to this story .	Audio message was released online Saturday and speaker is said to be Boko Haram leader Expert says partnership will have benefits for both groups , including giving ISIS international legitimacy But U.S. intelligence officials have indicated their doubts they groups would work well as partners
London  CNN  -- A bill to allow same-sex marriage in England and Wales is now law , though the unions are n't expected to take place until 2014 . Queen Elizabeth II has given her assent to the landmark bill , which the British House of Commons passed Tuesday , the house 's speaker , John Bercow , said Wednesday . The first same-sex wedding could be held as early as next summer . The law does not come into force immediately because government departments need time to make changes . New processes must be drawn up for registrars , and new forms will also have to be drawn up . The government expects to announce a more formal timetable for the implementation of the law in the fall . The Marriage  Same Sex Couples  Bill cleared the House of Lords and the House of Commons this week , just before the summer recess . The monarch 's assent -- a formality in the United Kingdom -- makes the measure official . What you need to know about same-sex marriages in the U.S. and worldwide The bill had the backing of British Prime Minister David Cameron , but his commitment to it put him at odds with many in his Conservative Party and its grass-roots supporters . The Conservatives govern in coalition with the Liberal Democrats . The bill was also opposed by religious groups , including the Church of England . The Catholic Church in England and Wales said that the law 's passage "  marks a watershed in English law and heralds a profound social change , " and that it regretted that the bill had been "  rushed though " Parliament . "  With this new legislation , marriage has now become an institution in which openness to children , and with it the responsibility on fathers and mothers to remain together to care for children born into their family unit , are no longer central . That is why we were opposed to this legislation on principle , " a statement said . ` Go forth and propose ' The debate over the legislation became heated at times in the House of Commons , where the issue exposed divisions within Cameron 's party . Conservative MP Gerald Howarth angered many when he referred to "  the aggressive homosexual community " that would "  see this is as but a stepping stone to something even further . " Responding to the news that the law had passed , Labour lawmaker Chris Bryant tweeted : "  The Queen has given Royal Assent to Same Sex Marriage . Aggressive homosexuals , please note . Go forth and propose . " The new law will allow same-sex couples to marry in civil or religious ceremonies . However , religious organizations must explicitly "  opt in " if they want to perform such ceremonies , and the religious minister conducting the ceremony must also agree . The law also protects religious organizations and their representatives who do n't wish to conduct marriages of same-sex couples from being challenged in the courts . It will allow couples in civil partnerships to convert to marriage if they wish . The new law also allows married men or women who wish to change their gender to do so without ending their marriage . A law recognizing civil partnerships in England and Wales was passed in 2004 . The issue of same-sex marriage has also divided other nations . A law that allows same-sex couples to marry and adopt was passed by France this year , despite large street protests and vocal opposition from religious groups . The move made it the ninth country in Europe to allow same-sex marriage . In the United States , two landmark rulings by the Supreme Court last month gave the gay and lesbian rights movement huge political and legal momentum . By the numbers : Same-sex marriage The justices said legally married same-sex couples will now enjoy the same federal benefits as heterosexual couples , striking down a key provision in the Defense of Marriage Act . And although not granting a sweeping right of gays and lesbians to marry nationwide , a separate high court ruling effectively allows same-sex marriage to resume in California , the nation 's most populous state . CNN 's Saskya Vandoorne contributed to this report .	The new law allows same-sex couples to marry in civil or religious ceremonies The first same-sex weddings could take place as early as next summer The law was backed by PM David Cameron but divided his Conservative Party Religious organizations have to "  opt in " if they want to perform same-sex marriages
CNN  -- Facebook and online privacy : For several years now , it 's been hard to talk about one without talking about the other . And Facebook 's latest offering , called Home , is no exception . Facebook Home is an Android app that acts like a skin , updating the standard Android mobile operating system with a more modern , Facebooky decor . The Android home screen is replaced with a graphic version of the Facebook news feed that automatically flips through the latest happenings from your friends . The phone 's home page has additional Facebook features for posting to the site and communicating with friends . Facebook Home is a more convenient way for heavy Facebook users to use the social network 's services . It is also a more powerful tool for Facebook to potentially collect information about a person , and it gives the company more ways and places to serve up ads . This is a tricky balancing act for Facebook , which makes the majority of its revenue on advertising . Knowing more information about a person means Facebook can better target ads to them , and make more money . Some pundits and privacy experts are already raising concerns about the potential for data grabs by Facebook . Om Malik of the site GigaOm says , "  this application erodes any idea of privacy . If you install this , then it is very likely that Facebook is going to be able to track your every move , and every little action . " And Parker Higgins , an activist with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , told Digital Trends : "  They will get information about who you 're calling , how often , and how long you 're speaking to them . That 's a lot of information , and combined with the rest of your Facebook communications ,  it  could paint a very clear picture of your private life . " So what will be collected ? On a regular phone , Facebook 's data collecting powers are limited to what you do inside the official Facebook mobile app or on the site in a browser . Facebook Home frees Facebook from that prison and gives it wider rein to collect more information about a person 's location , actions and communications . Built-in GPS technology means smartphones know where a person is at any given time . Phones with Facebook Home could access this information at any time to determine what businesses or neighborhoods you visit the most or even where you live . That data could then be used to serve up a more personalized ad , such as a coupon for a store you 're near or coffee shop you visit every Sunday . A Facebook representative told CNN that Home will not actively track users ' GPS location . In addition to any Facebook messages or calls you already send or make , Facebook Home pulls SMS text messages into the mix . Who you talk to , when you talk to them and , in the case of text messages , what you talk about are possibly fertile grounds for data collection . Third-party apps are also part of the Facebook Home ecosystem , though in a somewhat limited way . "  For a small randomized rolling subset of users , we will be collecting information ... around what applications you launch and when , " the Facebook spokesman told CNN in an e-mail . "  We do not collect any information about your activity within third-party apps . " People already willingly share much of this information with Facebook . But Facebook Home , running in the background on your phone , will make it easier for the company to quietly collect data on everything you do . The difference is between actively sharing information -- uploading an image with location data , checking into a restaurant or other business -- and passively sharing it  what the tech companies like to call "  frictionless " sharing  . In other words , telling Facebook where you are , who your friends are and what apps you like wo n't be optional , it will be automatic . Facebook said Home requires no new privacy controls and will respect all existing privacy settings . Will Facebook fans care ? Facebook has long been plagued by privacy concerns over confusing privacy controls and data mining , but such worries do n't seem to have had any significant impact on its core users . A recent survey by the Pew Research Center found that 61 % of Facebook users have taken a break from the social networking site , but only 4 % cited privacy concerns as a reason . Facebook Home , which launches on April 12 , is n't being forced on anyone . Downloading the app is entirely optional , as is buying a new HTC phone with Home preinstalled . Much of the outrage over past Facebook privacy issues has been because they were mandatory and affected everyone . Many of the Facebook faithful may have resigned themselves to the idea that what they do on the site is tracked -- a fair enough exchange for a free service that keeps them in contact with friends , family and people they sort of knew in middle school .	Facebook Home could give the company access to more of your personal data Things like a person 's location could be automatically collected in the background Facebook could also see who you call and text , and tell what apps you use and how often The company says Home will not actively track users ' GPS locations
CNN  "  Jake the dog and Finn the human . The fun will never end . Adventure Time . " So begins the dreamy theme song intro to the strangely addictive Cartoon Network TV show that 's centered around psychedelic characters like the Ice King , Marceline the Vampire Queen and , of course , Jake and Finn . Now , mega-fans of the hit show can experience "  Adventure Time " in the skies . Thai Smile , a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways , on Thursday unveiled colorful new livery featuring Jake , Finn and the beloved Princess Bubblegum sprawled across an Airbus A320 at Bangkok 's Suvarnabhumi International Airport . The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme , with overhead bins , head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show . Airlines show off their new flying colors The Adventure Time plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile and Cartoon Network Amazone , a new water park near the Thai resort city of Pattaya featuring attractions based on shows that appear on the Turner Broadcasting System channel . Turner Broadcasting is a parent company of CNN . Check out these cool airline liveries The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4 , heading from Bangkok to Phuket .	Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile features Cartoon Network paint job on A320 jet Overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from Cartoon Network
Camp Pendleton , California  CNN  -- A U.S. military judge sentenced a Marine squad leader charged with alleged war crimes in Iraq to a maximum of 90 days in prison and a reduction in pay and rank . But because of a plea deal with prosecutors , Staff Sgt. Frank G. Wuterich wo n't serve any time in the brig. The military judge was obligated to abide by the plea arrangement between prosecutors and the defense . In the end , Wuterich 's sentence amounts to a reduction in rank -- to private -- and a pay cut . A final adjudication will be made by Lt. Gen. Thomas Waldhauser , commander of Marine Corps Forces Central Command , but he can not increase Tuesday 's sentence , a Marine spokesman said . The commander can reduce it , though , the spokesman said . Meanwhile , Iraqi officials condemned the plea deal for Wuterich , who was facing several manslaughter and other charges . Also , a military law expert said the U.S. military needs to justify the ruling . The trial of Wuterich , who pleaded guilty to one count of negligent dereliction of duty , ends a six-year investigation into one of the Iraq war 's worst attacks on civilians by U.S. troops . Twenty-four Iraqis died . In the sentencing , the military judge , Lt. Col. David Jones , cited how Wuterich ordered his troops to "  shoot first , ask questions later . " Wuterich , a divorced father of three young daughters , was the last of eight Marines charged . Charges were dropped against six of the other Marines charged in the case , and one was acquitted . One U.S. congressman compared the Haditha killings to the 1968 Vietnam massacre at My Lai . Wuterich , 31 , of Meriden , Connecticut , originally faced 152 years in prison on nine counts of involuntary manslaughter , two counts of assault with a dangerous weapon and three counts of dereliction of duty in the November 19 , 2005 , killings -- charges he has vehemently denied . In exchange for his guilty plea , the most serious charges of manslaughter and assault charges were dropped . Facing the judge in a Marine base courtroom Tuesday , Wuterich , dressed in uniform , expressed no emotion . In the sentencing hearing , prosecutors asked for the maximum sentence . "  Today , Staff Sgt. Wuterich stands vindicated by the very same system that has held him captive for over six years , " said Wuterich attorney Neal Puckett in a statement . "  We believe justice prevailed for Staff Sgt. Wuterich , and in turn , he wishes it was within his power to impart that same measure of justice to the families of the victims of Haditha , " Puckett said in the statement . Earlier in the day , Wuterich told the judge that he was not a "  monster " or "  cold-blooded baby killer . " "  For six years , I have had to accept that my name will always be associated with a massacre , being a cold-blooded baby killer , an ` out of control ' monster , and a conspiring liar , " Wuterich told the court . "  There 's nothing I can do about whoever believes these things . " "  I never fired my weapon at any women or children that day " in 2005 , Wuterich said . "  When I told my team to shoot first and ask questions later , the intent was n't that they would shoot civilians , it was that they would not hesitate in the face of the enemy , " he said . Wuterich 's case signals the end of a handful of alleged war crimes cases that came to light during the height of the war in Iraq . Wuterich pleaded guilty Monday to one count of negligent dereliction of duty , a charge that could have brought a brig confinement of up to three months , two-thirds forfeiture of pay for three months and reduction in rank to private , authorities said . "  Words can not express my sorrow for the loss of your loved ones , " Wuterich said to the families in his statement . Wuterich said he was "  absolutely devastated " when his commanders were relieved of duty "  because of my words or actions . " He said he 's been unable to advance his military career or pursue "  a secure life for my family outside of the military . " "  Many of the Marines who were there that day , along with everyone who has stood by me and supported me , may be disappointed that I pled guilty . It might suggest that I believe we behaved badly or dishonorably . The truth is , I do n't believe anyone in my squad , nor any member of of Kilo Co , 3/1 / behaved in any way that was dishonorable or contrary to the highest ideals that we all live by as Marines , " Wuterich said . "  Regardless of the outcome , I am here to take responsibility for my actions , and to accept the consequences , " Wuterich said . Wuterich 's plea came nearly two weeks into his court-martial at Camp Pendleton near San Diego . The killings enraged Iraqis , put a spotlight on the conduct of the U.S. military and saw a congressman compare it to Vietnam 's My Lai massacre . The fallout from the incidents continued more than six years later , with reports that Iraqi-U.S. negotiations to extend a withdrawal deadline broke down over Iraq 's refusal to grant American troops immunity from prosecution in Iraq . On Tuesday , Iraqi officials excoriated the plea deal in the court-martial . Khalid Salman , head of the Haditha local council , told CNN that "  we have been following this case since 2006 and we were hoping that those soldiers , who killed 24 innocent people , will receive fair punishment . "  But now we are convinced that the judicial system in America is unjust , " Salman said . "  This is not the end , and we will continue pursuing those soldiers legally through the international courts . " Taleb al-Essawi , the political adviser to the governor of the Anbar province , told CNN that the local government is very disappointed with the court-martial decision . "  Big disappointment , " al-Essawi said . "  I ca n't believe that the court decided to drop all the charges except one charge , which is negligent dereliction of duty . This is a joke because according to the Iraqi law , all those soldiers should be executed , " al-Essawi said . "  We demand from the American administration to reconsider the court decision , " al-Essawi told CNN . The U.S. government should compensate the families of the victims , he added . Mahmoud Othman , a Kurdish lawmaker , said the Marines "  committed mass killings in Haditha " and the plea arrangement was "  unjust . " "  We ask the human rights organizations and  nongovernmental organizations  in America and all over the world to strongly condemn this verdict . Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , " Othman said in his Facebook posting . A U.S. military law expert said a public explanation was needed . "  The trial counsel and convening authority has a duty to explain this pretrial agreement in order to safeguard public confidence in the administration of justice , " said Eugene R. Fidell , senior research scholar and a visiting lecturer at Yale Law School . "  The way our military justice system works , " Fidell told CNN , "  is that the convening authority , a commander of the unit , makes the central decision . "  It 's a command-centric system that we inherited from  King  George III . Pretrial agreements are contracts between the accused and the convening authority . "  The prosecution and staff judge advocate play an advisory role . At the end of the day , it 's the commander 's decision to accept or reject a proposed pretrial agreement , " Fidell said . About the investigation into the Haditha massacre , Fidell said : "  It does seem that a set of cases that began with some pretty terrible allegations has basically fizzled . The public ought to have confidence in the administration of justice . " Fidell said he was concerned about the overall trend of justice emerging out of the Afghanistan and Iraq wars . "  For some time , I 've wondered whether the system was producing the kind of results it should have . What has struck me is that it has been difficult for the government to get convictions in a number of cases , and where it has gotten convictions , whether it has gotten significant penalties , " Fidell said . In court Tuesday , Wuterich 's attorney , Puckett , told the judge that "  Wuterich has been exonerated , his integrity is unfaltering . " "  He knows his Marine career has come to an end , but his only intention was to protect his troops , " Puckett said . According to previous testimony and court records , Wuterich , who was assigned to 3rd Battalion , 1st Marine Regiment , 1st Marine Division , was the squad leader on November 19 , 2005 , when members of his patrol unit were moving a supply convoy moving through Haditha , an insurgent stronghold where armed resistance fighters hid along civilian populations . An improvised explosive device exploded under a vehicle , killing Lance Cpl. Miguel Terrazas , 20 , and injuring two other Marines . During the more than two-week trial , prosecutors argued Wuterich lost control after seeing the body of his friend blown apart by the bomb and led his men on a angry rage ordering his squad to "  shoot first and ask questions later . " Wuterich 's team stormed two nearby homes , blasting their way in with grenades and M-16 rifle fire . Among the dead was an elderly man in a wheelchair . When the 45-minute incident was over , 24 men , women and children were killed . Wuterich was accused of ordering his men to storm the homes , part of what his attorney has said was a search for those believed responsible for planting the bomb , and later shooting at the men . The prosecution contends the Marines were out for revenge . The case did n't come to light until January 2006 when Time magazine broke the story . Two months later , the military launched an investigation . The incident provoked the condemnation of Rep. John Murtha , D-Pennsylvania , who compared it to the 1968 massacre at My Lai , and President George W. Bush vowed then that if an investigation found Marines killed unarmed civilians , "  there will be a punishment . " The case has been delayed a number of times , most notably over a government subpoena for outtakes of a 2008 interview Wuterich gave to CBS ' "  60 Minutes . " CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq in Baghdad and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report . Stan Wilson reported from Camp Pendleton and Michael Martinez from Los Angeles .	Staff Sgt. Frank Wuterich sentenced to 90 days , but a plea deal negates that Overall charges in Haditha massacre investigation have "  fizzled , " expert says Iraqi officials are angry over court-martial 's plea deal "  Iraqi blood is n't so cheap , " one Iraqi lawmaker says
A public fight this week between the CIA and the Democratic head of the Senate Intelligence Committee is the latest act in a years-long drama over waterboarding . It involves substantive issues such as CIA spying on Congress and the power of the legislative branch to oversee the executive branch . At the core , the matter focuses on how much history to reveal about the way America detained and interrogated terror suspects in response to the 9/11 al Qaeda attacks . Here are answers to some of the basic questions about the dispute : 1  What is all the yelling about ? More than five years after President Barack Obama ended the controversial interrogation program started during the George W. Bush administration , security chiefs and politicians are still battling over how much official information should be made public . A 6,300-page report on the program by the Senate Intelligence Committee remains classified amid discussions between Congress and the spy agency on what to reveal . When researching the report , committee staffers got hold of a separate , internal CIA review of the information made available to Senate investigators . Alarmed by outside access to the secret document , the CIA then searched computers used by committee staffers and then sought a Justice Department investigation . On Tuesday , Intelligence Committee Chairman Dianne Feinstein of California publicly accused the CIA of effectively spying on the committee and raised the possibility that the agency impeded the probe and perhaps broke laws in the process . CIA Director John Brennan responded with a flat-out denial of any wrongdoing . 2  What 's really going on ? This is Washington , so there must be a political angle , though other considerations also come into play . For example , participants in the detention/interrogation program could face lawsuits at home and abroad over their role in torture such as waterboarding . Some cases are pending and rights groups continue to press for more information for possible further challenges by current and former detainees . In comments Tuesday to the Council on Foreign Relations , Brennan cited the importance of getting the report right , saying Americans "  owe it to the women and men who faithfully did their duty in executing this program to try to make sure that any historical record of it is a balanced and accurate one . " "  I will protect sources and methods , you know , in terms of the tremendous investment that this country has made in some of , you know , the very sensitive collection systems that help to keep this country safe , " he said . The purely political explanation has Democrats seeking full exposure of the Republican roots of the detention and interrogation program described by Feinstein as "  un-American " and "  brutal . " She described how the committee 's investigation that started in full force in 2009 followed revelations that "  the interrogations and the conditions of confinement at the CIA detentions sites were far different and far more harsh than the way the CIA had described them to us . " 3  Who spied on who ? Spies spy , especially when they think they 're being spied on . Brennan informed Feinstein in January the CIA had looked at the computers used by Intelligence Committee staff to figure out how they got hold of the internal review ordered by former CIA Director Leon Panetta . "  The CIA 's search may well have violated the separation of powers principle embodied in the United States Constitution , including the speech and debate clause , " Feinstein said Tuesday . "  It may have undermined the constitutional framework essential to effective congressional oversight of intelligence activities or any other government function . " However , the CIA has asked the Justice Department to look into whether committee staffers did anything wrong in accessing the so-called Panetta review , which was supposed to be an internal deliberative document and therefore unavailable . Feinstein insisted her committee workers simply used the access provided them by the CIA , and she called the agency 's tactics and response an attempt at intimidation . "  I have asked for an apology and a recognition that this CIA search of computers used by its oversight committee was inappropriate , " she said . "  I have received neither . " 4  What happens now ? More accusations , counter-claims and political wrangling as both sides seek some kind of agreement on what parts of the committee 's report can be made public . While legal ramifications including criminal charges are possible , the back-and-forth so far appears to be more about pressure tactics and brinksmanship . Republicans have kept mostly silent about the dispute , though Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , who chairs the House Intelligence Committee , told CNN that any wrongdoing should be punished if proven . Brennan said he 's awaiting a request from Congress to declassify portions of the committee report . Asked about the issue on Wednesday , Obama told reporters that he 's "  committed to declassifying " the information once the report is completed . However , Obama said he would not weigh in on the explosive accusation that the CIA overreached and spied on the Senate . House intel chair warns of penalty if CIA searched Senate computers	Sen. Feinstein accuses the CIA of spying on her intelligence committee staff CIA Director Brennan denies any wrongdoing At issue is an upcoming report on the now-ended detention and interrogation program The question now involves how much of the report will be made public
CNN  -- Pele has denied saying that Manchester City striker Robinho had taken drugs . Pele 's alleged quotes about striker Robinho  above  have caused a sensation in Brazil . The Brazilian legend was quoted as saying that Robinho and former world footballer of the year Ronaldo used recreational drugs at a private party in Sao Paolo . The comments have caused a sensation in Brazil , where Ronaldo is still revered and Pele 's word is taken as gospel , and led to Robinho 's representatives demanding an official retraction . However , Pele insists he said no such thing . "  Robinho is our son and left Santos with our supervision , " he told TV Globo . "  What happened was a misunderstanding because I never said anything like that , they gave him wrong information . "  I know what the people who need to sell newspapers are like . When there 's a story like this you need to ask for the recording to hear what was really said . " Pele 's advisor went into further detail about the exact nature of the misunderstanding . "  There 's nothing to this , Pele never said that Robinho had problems with drugs , " he told Terra.com . "  His answer was distorted . Pele was asked about problems in football , and said that the problems are few compared to other sports . "  He said that in football only Maradona , Ronaldo and Robinho had really had problems , but he never talked about drugs at any moment . "	Pele has denied saying that Manchester City striker Robinho had taken drugs Brazilian legend was quoted as saying Robinho used drugs at a private party However Pele claims that his recent quotes were distorted and misrepresented
New York  CNN  -- Affixed to a high-rise apartment building in one of midtown Manhattan 's more coveted locations , the arm of a construction crane damaged by Superstorm Sandy continued to dangle perilously 90 stories above New York City . Police have cordoned off the area around the base of the One57 building on West 57th street , as New Yorkers recover from a rare convergence of weather systems that killed at least 15 people across the state . The arm can be seen slowly swaying atop the building , which remains under construction . Photos : New York recovers from Sandy Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the surrounding area , including the posh Le Parker Meridien hotel , has since been evacuated . "  We 're sorry for the inconvenience , but better be safe than sorry , " the mayor said during a news conference . As gusts of up to 60 mph barreled through New York , the crane was damaged Monday afternoon atop a building that is planned to be among the tallest residential structures in Manhattan , offering views that potentially range from Central Park to the city 's Financial District . "  The hurricane storm winds have pushed the crane boom over the cab section of the high-rise crane at One 57th Street , " said Mary Costello , senior vice president for Lend Lease , the property group managing the site . Meanwhile , New Yorkers continued to peer skyward toward the unusual and potentially dangerous scene . How you can help CNN 's Eden Pontz contributed to this report	Police have cordoned off the area around the base of the One57 building on West 57th street The arm is swaying atop the building , which remains under construction As gusts of up to 60 mph barreled through New York , the crane was damaged Monday
New York  CNN  -- Technological challenges would pose major obstacles to the installation of platform doors in New York 's subway system , transit officials said Monday . During a transit and bus committee meeting at the Metropolitan Transit Authority headquarters , board members discussed the possibility of installing such barriers to curb the number of subway train fatalities . The discussion came in the wake of two incidents last year in which people were pushed onto the tracks and fatally struck by trains . In December , Ki-Suck Han , 58 , was pushed onto the tracks in a subway station near Times Square by a 30-year-old homeless man . A few weeks later , a 31-year-old woman was charged with second-degree murder as a hate crime for pushing 46-year old Sunando Sen onto the tracks at a subway station in Queens . In 2012 , there were 141 subway incidents in which a person came into contact with a train , 55 of which were fatal ; that 's slightly more than the average of 135 accidents per year , said Cheryl Kennedy , vice president of system safety at the MTA . Thirty-three of the 141 were alleged or attempted suicides , 54 occurred while the victim was standing on the platform , and three occurred when riders fell between the cars , she said . The installation of platform doors in New York 's subways could potentially end incidents in which customers are pushed or accidentally fall or climb down intentionally to retrieve dropped items . It could also increase security by limiting unauthorized track access , resulting in less vandalism and litter , according to the MTA . However , such an installation would prove costly and complicated . "  When the system was designed over 110 years ago , it did n't plan for that , " said Thomas F. Prendergast , president of MTA New York City Transit . "  It 's hard to incorporate into the system now . " Investigations into the feasibility of installing subway platform doors included the examination of public transportation systems in London , Paris , Seoul , Tokyo and other international cities . The preliminary conclusion was that the age and diversity of New York 's 468 subway stations would require major changes to their structures and electrical systems . One problem is that stations have unique characteristics , some with curved tracks and column lines near the platform edge . "  In stations where we have barely managed to create an accessible path for the disabled , construction may prove to be infeasible , " said Peter Cafiero , chief of operations planning . "  Many stations are listed as landmark or historical , which will require external review and approval of all designs . " Challenges would include the need for platform edge reinforcement to hold up new walls , electrical upgrades in tight spaces , train door and platform alignment and communication issues , and accommodation of train cars of different sizes and with doors in different places . The cost of installation and maintenance would also be a challenge in a system that operates around the clock , Cafiero said . "  I do not want to give the impression that any death is acceptable , " said Prendergast . However , "  there are technological issues we need to overcome to come up with a solution . " Gene Russianoff , a staff attorney for the Straphangers Campaign for the New York Public Interest Research Group , said he shared the concerns expressed by MTA representatives , but suggested exploring alternatives like intrusion-detection technology . Such a system would alert train personnel when someone was on the track or too near the edge of the platform , he said . "  It seems like it would be a lot cheaper , " he said . Though people have been hit by trains for as long as trains have been around , he said , "  That does n't mean you should just shrug and say it 's like the weather . " Manhattan Borough President Scott Stringer called last week for the MTA 's inspector general to carry out an investigation into subway fatalities and to consider new safety programs . "  The MTA ca n't just revert to the easy fixes ; I am asking that the agency take a more comprehensive approach by keeping all options on the table that make sense for the safety of commuters and the MTA 's bottom line . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	"  It 's hard to incorporate into the system now , " says MTA 's Thomas Prendergast "  There are technological issues we need to overcome , " says Prendergast The discussion comes in the wake of two deaths where people were pushed onto the tracks
The State Department voiced concern Friday about the case of an American citizen in prison in Bahrain , whom a United Nations report alleges was tortured . Tagi al-Maidan was arrested in October 2012 on charges related to Shiite protests against the Sunni-led government for greater rights . He was sentenced a year later by a Bahraini court to 10 years in jail on charges of unlawful assembly , intent to kill police , destruction of police vehicles and possession of Molotov cocktails . The United States has said little about the case of al-Maidan , born in Connecticut to a Saudi father and a Bahraini mother , citing privacy laws . After his family produced a Privacy Act waiver , authorizing the United States government to talk about the case , the State Department finally said this week it had concerns about the fairness of al-Maidan 's trial , as well as his "  safety and welfare , his treatment in prison , including his medical and nutritional needs . " "  This a case that we 've taken very seriously , " said Jeff Rathke , a State Department spokesman , indicating the government has raised this "  at the highest levels of the government of Bahrain . " The Bahraini government has denied the charges , insisting it has a "  zero tolerance " policy on torture . A report by the U.N. Working Group on Arbitrary Detention documents sources saying that al-Maidan was forced to make a false confession under torture that he assaulted a police officer by throwing a stone at him . With no physical evidence , the conviction was based on that confession , the report said , adding that "  Mr. al-Maidan and his mother were able to credibly testify that he was at home the time that the crime was allegedly committed . " The group called for al-Maidan 's release . A representative of al-Maidan 's family confirmed to CNN details in the U.N. report , including that al-Maidan says his confession was extracted by acts of torture , including beatings in the chest and head , forcing him to stand for long periods despite a spinal condition and denying him access to a bathroom . Since his conviction , al-Maidan has endured "  further abuse and mistreatment , " according to the report and representatives of the al-Maidan family . The U.N. report said the government "  did not provide any explanation or justification for these serious violations . Rathke said U.S. consular officers have visited al-Maidan five times during his two-year detention and that in response to concerns , he has been given access to medical care . The case presents a dilemma for the United States , which insists there is no greater priority than the protection of American citizens . The tiny Gulf kingdom is a key American ally in an unstable region and home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet . Most recently , Bahrain has taken part in airstrikes against ISIS as part of the U.S.-led coalition . Washington has tempered its concerns about Bahrain 's human rights record and its heavy-handed crackdown on a popular uprising . Local and human rights groups charge many Shiite Bahraini youths have been arbitrarily arrested and jailed for alleged crimes against security forces . Calling al-Maidan 's arrest and continued detention "  arbitrary , " the U.N. working group referred the allegations of his alleged abuse to the U.N. Special Rapporteur on Torture and called on the Bahraini government to immediately release him and grant him compensation for the "  harm he has suffered . " The Bahraini court upheld the verdict on appeal , but al-Maidan 's lawyers say they have filed for another appeal and are waiting for a hearing date . Rathke said the State Department expected the case to go to appeal , and in its discussions with the Bahraini government continues to address its concern over judicial proceedings in the case and "  emphasize the importance of Bahrain 's commitment to fair trial guarantees required by international law . " "  This is a matter of ongoing concern , " Rathke said .	Tagi al-Maidan has been jailed in Bahrain for more than two years U.N. group claims he was forced to make false confession Bahrain says it has "  zero tolerance " for torture
CNN  -- San Francisco 's public transit strike was in its third day Wednesday , with the financial toll so far likely to top $ 200 million , economists estimate . Negotiations between Bay Area Rapid Transit and union leaders stretched until nearly 3 a.m. Wednesday , CNN affiliate KGO reported . Progress was made , but no deal was reached . "  We decided we would make more progress if we get more sleep , " said Josie Mooney , chief negotiator for the Service Employees International Union in the talks , according to KGO . The two sides returned to the table at 1 p.m. Wednesday , and California Gov. Jerry Brown appointed two new high-level mediators to handle negotiations , the station reported . About 400,000 daily commuters use BART . The Bay Area Council Economic Institute says its "  conservative estimate " finds that lost worker productivity alone is costing the region at least $ 73 million a day . The loss of economic activity could add tens of millions of dollars to that figure , the council said . The strike is also having "  a costly environmental impact , " the council said . "  Increased traffic congestion is generating almost 16 million pounds of carbon , and wasting almost 800,000 gallons of gas every day at a cost of almost $ 3.3 million . " BART planned limited charter bus service for those working on Independence Day in case no deal is reached Wednesday . Regardless of when the strike ends , BART said , it will still take about 18 hours for train service to resume . The dispute centers on pay and benefits . Unions asked for a 21 % pay increase . BART initially offered to increase salaries by 4 % over four years , but later proposed an 8 % increase ; that was on top of a 1 % increase scheduled to go into effect Monday . Roxanne Sanchez , president of SEIU Local 1021 , said workers are fed up . "  Years of layoffs have affected public safety and services . Crippling cuts have not just made our jobs more difficult , but put undue strain on our livelihoods , our families and our communities , " she said in a written statement . "  We are sorry that the actions of ATU and SEIU have caused such a tremendous disruption to the people of the Bay Area , " BART said in a statement Tuesday announcing "  no indication " that employees would return to work Wednesday . "  We are working hard to bring a fair and responsible resolution to labor talks . BART is the nation 's fifth-largest all-rail train system in the United States , with 44 stations in 26 cities that make up the Bay Area , according to the transit authority . It handles more than 40 % of Bay Area commuters , according to CNN affiliate KPIX . A study last year found San Francisco among the 10 cities with the worst commutes .	NEW : Even if a deal is reached , BART says it will still take 18 hours to resume service Gov. Jerry Brown appoints new mediators , CNN affiliate KGO reports Increased traffic is generating 16 million pounds of carbon , the Bay Area Council says BART normally carries 400,000 daily commuters
CNN  -- More areas of Bastrop County , Texas , were reopened to residents Monday following the devastating wildfire that destroyed more than 1,500 homes . "  Our goal is to get everybody back in by Thursday , " said county Judge Ronnie McDonald . Many of the residents will return to charred homes and possessions . Those with standing homes may have to wait weeks for electricity to return , and crews are still working on restoring drinking water , utility officials said . The Bastrop County Complex fire near Austin was 60 percent contained Monday after burning across more than 34,000 acres , according to the Texas Forest Service . The fire is blamed for the deaths of two people whose bodies were found in the burned-out rubble of a neighborhood last week . An urban search-and-rescue team scouring the fire zone for victims was expected to complete its work Monday afternoon , Bastrop County Sheriff Terry Pickering said . Two people among residents of the fire zone remain missing , but authorities believe they are likely out of state , Pickering said . Some residents of the Tahitian Village East subdivision were allowed to return Sunday , as were residents with property affected by the Union Chapel fire , also in Bastrop County . Residents in neighborhoods northeast of the town of Bastrop were being allowed to return on Monday , with additional areas reopening through Thursday . Authorities have distributed vehicle placards for residents seeking entry into the fire zone , and so far the re-entry process has gone smoothly , Pickering said . A traffic backup early Monday had since cleared , he said . School also resumed Monday for residents of Bastrop County , as well as in Waller and Montgomery counties , where the Riley Road fire has burned thousands of acres . "  It 's a relief actually . I 've been cooped up at the house and ca n't really do anything , " student Keeley Merrill told CNN affiliate KPRC-TV . With much of the state in an extreme drought , Texas has been scarred by one of the worst fire seasons in memory . Since January 1 , nearly 3.7 million of the state 's 167.5 million acres have burned in 19,896 fires , according to Inciweb , a fire-tracking website run by state and federal agencies . The state Forest Service responded to 19 new fires Sunday involving 1,099 acres of land , including new large files in Harrison and Rusk counties . The state said the 40,548-acre Bear Creek fire in Cass County was 80 percent contained . It has destroyed 28 homes . The Riley Road fire was reported as 75 percent contained on Monday . The fire has destroyed 59 homes , the Texas Forest Service reported . Authorities were on the lookout Monday for possibly three monkeys that may have been released or escaped during the fire . One of the monkeys bit a state game warden on the thumb on Sunday , said Mike Cox , a spokesman for the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department . The bite was n't serious , but authorities are still keeping an eye out for the monkey gang , Cox said . While some residents expressed concern about hungry primates roaming the charred ruins , the incident gave others in battered Texas a much needed bit of comic relief . "  Has anyone noticed if the monkeys have wings ? " a poster to the Grimes County Facebook page asked in jest , referring to the villainous hench-monkeys for the Wicked Witch of the West in the "  The Wizard of Oz . " "  If I see flying monkeys then I know I can click the heels on my red ruby encrusted flip flops and this nightmare will all go away , " the poster said . Authorities said although the monkeys -- which appeared to be of the rhesus species -- had been seen in the area , they did not know where the monkeys came from . CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities look for missing monkeys possibly released during fire Schools reopen in fire-charred Texas counties More residents also allowed to return home in Bastrop County , where 1,554 homes burned Two people remain missing , Sheriff Terry Pickering says
CNN  -- Looking for love is a big business in India , where the art of matchmaking is being transformed with a click of a mouse . One of the biggest online industries in India has been the business of arranging marriages . Sites like Shaadi.com , Jeevansathi and BharatMatrimony have had considerable success in recent years . Gaurav Mishra , director of digital and social media at MSL Group Asia , a communications company , estimated that some 10 % of India 's internet users have used a matrimonial website . He said : "  Online matrimonial sites were one of the earliest ways the internet took off in India after e-mail and job sites . Several of the sites have a couple of million users each . " India 's online matrimonial industry is expected to bring in $ 63 million a year , according to a 2008 report by the market research firm Em Power . With internet use expected to boom in India in coming years -- internet penetration is currently only around 5 % , according to Mishra , but he said the arrival of 3G services means that many of the country 's 600 million mobile phone users will soon be online -- entrepreneurs are seeking new ways to tap the online matchmaking market . One start-up , Ignighter , set up by three 20-something New Yorkers , is hoping to persuade India that the future of online matchmaking is in group dating . Online dating has n't really taken off in India , mainly because most marriages are arranged and there is little tradition of dating , according to Anupam Saxena , a correspondent for Medianama , which provides news and analysis on India 's digital landscape . Mishra added : "  India is a conservative and traditional society , where people stay with their parents until they 're married and there 's not much room for personal lives . Women in particular find it difficult to openly date . " The founders of Ignighter hope that Indians will find group dating -- whereby groups of friends arrange to meet other groups -- less risky and more fun and socially acceptable than one-on-one dating . Their move into India was almost accidental . Ignighter was set up by Adam Sachs and his college friends in 2008 . The site was aimed at the New York market , but they began to notice most of their traffic was coming from the other side of the world in Asia . Sachs said : "  At first we ignored it , but over the course of 2010 , India emerged as our number one market . We started concentrating on marketing in India and it really took off . " Sachs said backers in the United States and India have invested $ 3 million in Ignighter , and that the site now has almost 2 million registered users in India . However , he refused to say how many of these users pay the $ 44.95 monthly fee required to contact other users . "  Up until now dating has been a rarity in India , but culture is changing and our timing just happens to be right , " said Sachs . "  People are telling us they will go out with a group of friends and meet other friends while they are out . Women are saying that going out in a group makes them feel safer . " He added that Ignighter is considering dropping the word dating from the site to make it more socially acceptable . "  One challenge we face is that we call ourselves group dating , " said Sachs . "  There 's a stigma or taboo about the concept of dating that makes people cautious . " Mishra agreed that going out in groups was more socially acceptable in India than one-on-one dating , but still doubted many women would be willing to post profiles online . He said : "  I think group dating is a good idea because it 's a safer way of dating for Asian markets . However , I do n't see it working in India because I ca n't imagine Indian women doing it in any numbers . " He said that most profiles on matrimonial sites are created by fathers and brothers , rather than women themselves , and that 80 % of Indian internet users are male . "  If women did go to online dating sites , they would be mobbed so many men they would n't go back , " said Mishra . Sachs said 40 % of Ignighter 's registered users in India are women . Mishra added that social networking sites such as Facebook and Orkut , a site owned by Google , can be used for "  pseudo-dating . " Both Facebook and Orkut have 20 million users in India , he said . "  People sometimes use Facebook and Orkut as pseudo-dating sites to browse friends of friends and reach out to them , but mostly they do n't make friends with complete strangers . " Saxena added that Indians would be reluctant to pay for a group dating site when they can use Facebook for free . He said : "  First of all , credit card penetration is low , especially among the age group for dating sites . Secondly , Indians will be hesitant to pay for something they can get for free on Facebook . " Sachs is n't deterred . He 's currently in India recruiting staff for an Indian office , which will carry out focus groups to better tailor Ignighter to an Indian market . "  We need to improve the site itself and find out what needs to change for our demographic , " he said .	Online matrimonial sites are forecast to generate an estimated $ 63 million a year India has little tradition of dating and online dating sites have not taken off Ignighter hopes Indians will find group dating safer and more fun
Atlanta  CNN  -- A controversial -- and potentially pivotal -- call in a one-game playoff Friday night between the Atlanta Braves and St. Louis Cardinals prompted a vehement argument by the Braves ' manager and fans to toss debris onto the field . The incident occurred in the eighth inning of the newly introduced wild card baseball postseason game , in which the two teams battled for the right to advance to a National League division series . At the time , St. Louis led Atlanta by a 6-3 score . With one out and runners on first and second base , Braves shortstop Andrelton Simmons skied a pop-up to shallow left field . Amid apparent confusion between two Cardinals ' players , the ball dropped -- which could have led to the Braves loading the bases . But instead , an umpire ruled Simmons out , citing the infield fly rule . The rule is traditionally invoked on pop flies in the infield , in order to prevent fielders from letting a ball drop -- in order to get two outs instead of one , had they caught the ball . SI : What is the infield fly rule ? Atlanta manager Fredi Gonzalez stormed out of the dugout to protest the call , while angry fans pelted the field with cups , bottles and other debris . After an 18-minute delay , play finally resumed -- with the umpires ruling the call still valid , and the Braves then playing the game under protest . Braves ' pinch-hitter Brian McCann then walked before the Cardinals ' Jason Motte struck out Michael Bourn to end the inning . After two quick outs in the ninth inning , Atlanta 's Chipper Jones -- the team 's legendary third baseman who has announced this is his last season -- got on base with an infield hit . Freddie Freeman then rocketed a ground rule double , bringing the tying run to the plate in the form of Dan Uggla . Yet the second baseman ended the game -- and the Braves ' season and , with it , Jones ' career -- by grounding out to second base . Matthew Bolus , a 19-year-old lifelong Braves fan who had driven all the way from Birmingham , Alabama , for the game , was among those fans who felt cheated by the call . "  I feel like I did n't see the game that I was supposed to see , " he said . Atlanta fans responded to the final out with more boos , as well as a smattering of more debris flying onto the field . The disgust was interrupted only by a chant of "  Chipper , " recognizing the end of the fan favorite Jones ' career . Chipper Jones ' last hurrah Joe Torre , a former player and manager who is now Executive Vice President of Baseball Operations for Major League Baseball , told reporters later that he talked with umpire crew chief Jeff Kellogg during the long delay . After the game concluded , Torre talked to Gonzalez and Braves General Manager Frank Wren about their protest . During the regular season , teams have 24 hours to file a written protest , after which baseball executives can make a judgment . But Torre said that timetable "  just did n't make sense " with the game 's victors advancing to the next round of the playoffs starting Sunday , so he decided the matter immediately . "  I spoke to them and asked them what  grounds  they were making the protest on , " Torre said . "  And I ruled , basically , to disallow the protest based on the fact that it 's an umpire 's judgment call . " When asked after the game if he doubted whether he made the right call after the boos and debris started raining down , umpire Sam Holbrook said succinctly , "  Absolutely not . " With the 6-3 victory , St. Louis advances to play the National League East champion Washington Nationals in the next round of the playoffs . The San Francisco Giants face off against the Cincinnati Reds in the league 's other postseason series . Baseball season 's final day brings drama Following the game , Gonzalez criticized what he deemed "  a bad call , " saying the ball was too far out in the outfield to warrant the infield fly rule . Still , he said he was "  a little disappointed " with fans who threw objects on the field and pointed out how the Braves ' three errors and inability to drive in more runs also contributed to the loss . "  Anybody can have one bad game , anybody can have one bad call go against you , " the Atlanta manager said . "  It hurts losing ballgames like we did tonight . " Torre acknowledged some may understandably disagree with the eighth-inning call . Yet he pointed out that mistakes -- including errors by fielders and strikeouts by hitters -- have been part of baseball for as long as the sport has been around . "  I think controversy is part of what we do , because the game is not perfect , " Torre said . "  That 's always been the game . " The American League one-game playoff match between the Baltimore Orioles and the Texas Rangers did not have the controversy or trash throwing . Baltimore won the game 5-1 , continuing the miracle season the team is having . The Orioles will move on to play the New York Yankees on Sunday . One-handed kid meets Chipper Jones CNN 's Jamie Gumbrecht contributed to this report .	NEW : A baseball executive disallows the Braves ' protest of the game , so the result stands An umpire makes a controversial call against the Braves in the eighth inning Atlanta 's manager protests and fan throw debris onto the field The Cardinals end up beating the Braves 6-3 to advance in baseball 's playoffs
CNN  -- Coal-producing giant Massey Energy defended its safety record Monday after the worst U.S. mine disaster in decades and rebuffed calls for its CEO to step down . Stan Suboleski , a member of Massey 's board of directors , acknowledged the company 's Upper Big Branch Mine had a high number of citations for serious safety violations . But he said federal inspectors found "  no major issues " with the mine a few days before the April 5 explosion that killed 29 miners , and no hazards were found the day of the explosion . In addition , Suboleski said , the federal Mine Safety and Health Administration required changes to the mine 's ventilation system in September that company engineers found "  significantly reduced " the amount of fresh air that reached the portion of the mine where work was taking place , and the company resisted that change "  to the point of shutting down production for two days " before agreeing . Amy Louviere , a spokeswoman for MSHA , said the issue Subleski raised will be part of its investigation of the disaster . "  MSHA 's accident investigation team will thoroughly examine the mine 's ventilation plan and any changes required by MSHA in order to determine the volume of air flow , " Louviere told CNN . A preliminary report on the disaster by MSHA found that the Upper Big Branch mine had "  a significant history of safety issues " and that the agency was closely monitoring Massey Energy . In 2009 , federal inspectors issued 515 citations and orders at the Upper Big Branch mine , with 39 percent of them for "  significant and substantial " violations . Massey 's safety record came under a harsh spotlight after the disaster at the Upper Big Branch Mine . Its CEO , Don Blankenship , has been an outspoken critic of federal regulators , and at least two investment funds have called for his resignation since the explosion earlier this month . But another Massey director , Bobby Inman , said Blankenship had the board 's confidence , and that changing leadership "  in the midst of a crisis " would be a bad idea . "  When the crisis has subsided and we know the facts , we will maintain the highest standard of accountability and responsibility , " Inman said during a news conference in Charleston , West Virginia . And Blankenship offered condolences to the families and co-workers of the men who died in the blast , saying , "  We know there are no words to describe either their losses or the sorrow they are experiencing . " "  In the past 20 years , we have done our best to engineer the dangers out of coal mining , " Blankenship said . "  We have made great strides and been proud of our accomplishments . But on April 5 , we lost 29 great coal miners , and we do n't know why . This has left us humbled and hurt and searching for answers . " Since the disaster , President Obama has ordered a review of mines with poor safety records . He called Massey 's safety record "  troubled " in an April 15 appearance . Massey called the criticism "  regrettable . "	Massey board member Stan Suboleski admits mine had lots of safety citations Suboleski : Federal inspectors found "  no major issues " with mine just before explosion No hazards were found the day of the explosion , he said 29 miners were killed in April 5 explosion
New York  CNN  -- The clock is ticking in Washington on the bipartisan super committee , those 12 members of Congress tasked with finding at least $ 1.2 trillion in deficit reduction by Thanksgiving . More than 140 of their colleagues , both Democrats and Republicans , are encouraging them to be bold and go bigger -- reaching $ 4 trillion of deficit reduction in order to put the U.S. on stable long-term fiscal footing and avoid another round of downgrades . But if their colleagues ' counsel is n't persuasive , there 's an additional voice the super committee could find inspiration from -- the original founding father , George Washington . In his farewell address to his fellow countrymen in 1796 , George Washington set out his lessons for future generations . It was penned as the "  warnings of a parting friend , " and in it , Washington laid out the long-term dangers that his understanding of history and human nature dictated could undermine the independence of our democratic republic . Washington warned about the dangers of what we would today call hyper-partisans : "  They serve to organize faction , to give it an artificial and extraordinary force ; to put , in the place of the delegated will of the nation , the will of a party , often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the community . " These platoons of polarization have driven us to the paralysis we are now in , too often unable to reason together even in the face of crisis . Crucially , Washington understood that out-of-control debt could undermine American independence . He warned that we must "  cherish public credit ... avoiding likewise the accumulation of debt , not only by shunning occasions of expense , but by vigorous exertion in time of peace to discharge the debts which unavoidable wars may have occasioned , not ungenerously throwing upon posterity the burden which we ourselves ought to bear . " Put on your decoder rings and you 'll see that Washington 's wisdom could have referred to our own time . After all , much -- though certainly not all -- of the deficits and debts accumulated over the past decade came from two foreign wars . The Afghan war was necessary in retaliation for the attacks of 9/11 -- but the war in Iraq , as we now know , was far from "  unavoidable " -- it was a war of choice . Moreover , as Sen. John McCain and others pointed out , it was the first time in U.S. history that we did not raise revenues in order to pay for wars . Instead we cut taxes and turned a hard-won surplus into a deficit , which grew exponentially after the stimulus bill under President Obama . George Washington understood that dealing with debts was government 's responsibility , but leaders would be unlikely to make unpopular choices in a democracy unless the public was both enlightened and understanding : "  The execution of these maxims belongs to your representatives , " he said -- meaning the members of Congress . "  But it is necessary that public opinion should co-operate . To facilitate to them the performance of their duty , it is essential that you should practically bear in mind that towards the payment of debts there must be revenue ; that to have revenue there must be taxes ; that no taxes can be devised which are not more or less inconvenient and unpleasant . " In other words , man up and deal with math . Paying down debts means raising revenue as well as cutting costs . It is a basic profit and loss ledger . Whining endlessly about taxes ignores their central role in securing our civilization . So sayeth not some commie hippie but George Washington himself . That speaks to the impasse the super committee is at right now -- whether to include any revenue increases to pay down the deficit and the debt . Outright tax increases -- even restoring the Bush tax rates on people who make more than a million dollars a year -- is apparently not on the table right now . More ambitious tax reform is seen as a bridge too far given the limited time frame left . Nonetheless , there are some slight signs of progress . Sen. Pat Toomey -- former President of the Club for Growth -- deserves credit for recently saying he was open to revenue increases , albeit combined with the reduction of the top tax rate from 35 to 28 percent . This was met with some derision from Democrats who are increasingly hearing from their constituents that the growing gap between the rich and poor in the nation is unsustainable . Democrats have more readily crossed their partisan Rubicon , offering support for modest entitlement reforms as a way of bending the long-term cost curve . The most hopeful declaration of independence that has occurred in recent weeks is the growing number of Republicans willing to break ranks with anti-tax absolutists . They are putting the Pledge of Allegiance over the no-tax pledge advanced by conservative activist Grover Norquist . "  There is a lot of talk about pledges , " Ohio Republican Rep. Steve LaTourette said . "  It 's time to put the pledges in a bonfire . " In some ways what we face now is a choice between George Washington and the Grover Norquists of the world . It is a choice between the long-term national interest and the short-term special interest . The goals are clear and the path is known . We have the Bowles-Simpson Commission , the Rivlin-Domenici Commission and the Gang of Six plans to look at . We now have a Gang of 140 members of Congress from both parties encouraging the super committee to be bold and go big . While reaching $ 1.2 trillion in deficit reduction is far better than the automatic cuts to defense and discretionary spending that will take place if the super committee fails , it alone can not be regarded as a success . It is a stay of execution . Because we 'll be right back at the negotiating table in a few months , trying to forestall yet another downgrade . As the clocks ticks closer to the deadline , the super committee should have the words of George Washington 's farewell address echoing in their heads , adding to their sense of urgency , determining not to ungenerously throw "  upon posterity the burden which we ourselves ought to bear . " If they are driven by such a sense of generational responsibility , they can declare independence from their respective special interests , forge a constructive compromise and present a balanced bipartisan plan that serves the national interest . They have it in their power to put patriotism over partisanship -- we are waiting to see if they have the will . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Debt super committee facing a pivotal choice for America 's future 140 members of Congress favor going for a big solution to debt problem Avlon : America 's first president advised payment of debt through taxes He says the debt panel should put the country above arbitrary "  no-tax " pledges
Ars Technica  -- Buying a home video game console may soon become a lot more like buying a cell phone , according to a new report suggesting Microsoft is planning to offer a subsidized , $ 99 bundle including a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect sensor to anyone who commits to two years of a new , $ 15 monthly online service package . According to a report from The Verge , which cites unnamed sources , the new subsidized bundle will be available "  as early as next week " in Microsoft 's retail stores . The $ 15 monthly subscription would reportedly include all the online game play features of a current Xbox Live Gold subscription , alongside unspecified additional content from cable or live sports video providers . Such a new content plan could help position the Xbox much more directly as a full-service living room entertainment center , rather than primarily as a video game system . That 's a transition Microsoft has been signaling for years with its slow accumulation of online entertainment apps , and one that seems somewhat natural given that entertainment apps are already more popular than online gaming on the Xbox 360 . The report also fits with a recent leak that suggested Microsoft would be rolling out a "  strategy to further monetize  the  Xbox subscriber base " in time for the holiday season . The total two-year cost for the subsidized bundle as described comes in at $ 459 , compared to the $ 418 Microsoft currently charges for a 4GB Xbox 360 and Kinect bundle  $ 299  and two years of Xbox Live Gold  $ 59/year  . Whether that extra cost would be worthwhile depends largely on the precise features Microsoft offers for the new monthly subscribers , and how comfortable consumers are with being essentially locked to their game system for a two-year period  Microsoft would reportedly mimic cell phone providers in charging an early termination fee to those who decide to drop out before the term is up  . Economical or not , such a move would represent a major change in the way game consoles are presented to consumers . Rather than offering hardware as a loss-leader for the eventual sale of games and accessories , Microsoft would essentially be subsidizing Xbox 360 sales to attract the potentially much more lucrative flow of monthly video subscription revenue . Given the relative sizes of the current markets for console games versus video services , that might not be such a crazy idea . COPYRIGHT 2011 ARSTECHNICA.COM	Report : Microsoft will offer $ 99 Kinect with $ 15 per month online service charge The move could position Xbox as the center of living room entertainment CNN has not confirmed the report , which comes from The Verge
CNN  -- The spread of polio constitutes an international public health emergency , the World Health Organization declared Monday . "  If unchecked , this situation could result in failure to eradicate globally one of the world 's most serious vaccine preventable diseases , " the WHO said in a statement . At the end of 2013 , 60 % of polio cases resulted from the international spread of the virus , and "  there was increasing evidence that adult travelers contributed to the spread , " according to the statement . Polio mainly affects children under the age of 5 , according to the WHO . One in 200 infections leads to irreversible paralysis ; 5 to 10 % of patients die when their breathing muscles become immobilized . It can only be prevented by vaccination . Of the 10 countries currently infected with polio , three -- Pakistan , Syria and Cameroon -- have allowed the virus to spread internationally , according to an emergency committee convened by the organization , which met late last month . Polio has spread from Pakistan to Afghanistan , from Syria to Iraq and from Cameroon to Equatorial Guinea , according to the WHO . The concern is that the spread comes during the low transmission season for polio , typically January through April , said WHO spokeswoman Christine Feig . This is a "  red flag , " she said , as "  it has been years " since the virus was spread to three countries during low season . Polio re-emerged in Syria in October 2013 after a 15-year absence . The ongoing civil war in Syria has hampered immunization rates "  due to the severe interruption of public health services and to the conditions in which the people are living , " according to a WHO report . There have been 74 cases of polio so far this year , Dr. Bruce Aylward , WHO assistant director-general for polio , emergencies and country collaboration , said Monday . Of those , 59 were in Pakistan . No other country has reported more than four cases , and the only country with four was Afghanistan , he said . The committee 's decision to declare an international public health emergency means that Pakistan , Syria and Cameroon are urged to declare national public health emergencies regarding polio and ensure all residents and long-term visitors are vaccinated . In addition , the WHO said , citizens of those countries traveling internationally should be vaccinated before their departure and carry proof in the form of an International Certificate of Vaccination or Prophylaxis . Meet India 's last polio patient "  A coordinated international response is deemed essential to stop this international spread of wild poliovirus and to prevent new spread with the onset of the high transmission season in May/June 2014 , " according to the organization . Nations infected with polio , but not spreading the disease internationally now include Afghanistan , Equatorial Guinea , Ethiopia , Iraq , Israel , Somalia and Nigeria , the WHO said . Those nations were also encouraged to take similar measures to ensure high levels of vaccination in residents and travelers . While the recommendations are not legally binding , they are in the context of the International Health Regulations , which are binding on member states , Aylward said . "  These recommendations are not legally binding in the strict sense ... but they do carry substantial weight because , of course , they are in the context of a legally binding international treaty , " Aylward said Monday . No cases of polio have been detected in Israel , but the WHO previously reported the virus was found in sewage samples , as well as in stool samples from children who had been immunized . In all , 417 cases of polio were reported worldwide in 2013 , said Aylward . Further spread of the virus could put at risk countries that are currently polio-free but are "  conflict-torn and fragile " with compromised routine immunization services , the WHO said . The current situation is "  in stark contrast " to the "  near-cessation " of the spread of polio from January 2012 through April 2013 , according to the statement . In March , Southeast Asia , including India , was declared polio-free . India , the world 's second most populous country , was able to achieve the goal by deploying immunization efforts to reach those most vulnerable , according to UNICEF . Polio was eradicated in the United States in 1979 , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Vaccination campaign against polio , other diseases begins in Mideast Pakistan grapples with polio fight India beats the odds , beats polio	Polio has spread to three countries this year It 's typically the low season for transmission of the virus Pakistan , Syria and Cameroon are urged to put measures into place 417 cases of polio were reported worldwide in 2013 , WHO says
CNN  -- A century after her childhood inspiration Jim Thorpe won two gold medals at the Stockholm Olympics , synchronized swimmer Mary Killman will be competing in her first Games in London this year . Like the legendary athlete , Killman comes from a part Native American background in Oklahoma , and is a registered member of Citizen Potawatomi Nation  CPN  . Thorpe , who grew up in the Sac and Fox Nation , was spoken of in hushed tones by her elders . "  I 'm very proud of my background , " Killman told CNN . Her tribe are proud of her as well , regularly highlighting her achievements in their publications . In her first solo synchronized swimming competition in 2003 , Killman 's routine was set to North American flute music and she wore a decoration of the CPN seal on her hip . While growing up , she visited the house where Thorpe had lived -- and he was the subject of one of her school projects . Thorpe was one of the greatest all-round athletes in sporting history , playing professional American football , baseball and basketball as well as his track and field exploits -- he won gold in the pentathlon and decathlon at the 1912 Olympics . He was controversially stripped of his Olympic medals when it was discovered he had earned a few dollars while playing semi - professional baseball , but the International Olympic Committee restored them in 1983 -- 30 years after he died in poverty . Effortless performance While she has a long way to go to match Thorpe 's Olympic achievements , Killman is already making her name in a sport where the required elegance and good timing in the pool is forged by a grueling training regime of up to 60 hours per week . But all the work in the water paid off when she and duet partner Mariya Koroleva qualified for the 2012 London Olympics earlier this year . A seventh-placed finish at the Olympic qualification event at the Aquatic Center in London served notice of their potential and sealed a place in the Games proper . At just 21 , Killman will be the youngest member of the United States team and will be gaining valuable experience . Denise Shiveley , the national team manager for the squad , has high hopes for Killman and Koroleva , who has taken a break from her studies at Stanford University to concentrate on the Olympics . They formed their partnership only last year and soon won the silver medal at the Pan-American Games behind Canada . "  They are both so young but their goal will be continue to improve and to keep getting better , " Shiveley told CNN . Early years Killman was already a competitive swimmer in Texas when she was first introduced to synchro , aged 11 . "  One of my friends invited me over to a summer program that she had got involved with and I absolutely fell in love with it , " she said . "  The combination of music and athletics was amazing . It was something I felt I could do it for a long time . " Showing early talent , Killman has made steady improvement each year , winning a clutch of junior and age group national titles , competing in both the solo discipline and duets . Her first team was Pirouettes of Texas , where she was inspired to greater things by the exploits of Sarah Lowe , who represented the United States at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens . "  I also looked up a lot to Ana Kozlova , a three-time Olympian , who won bronze in the duet in Athens , " said Killman , who now competes for the Santa Clara club in California . Grueling regime To reach that medal-winning standard at major games , Killman knows that many hours of training are required both in the pool and gym . "  I train between eight and 10 hours per day , " she said . Two three to four hour sessions in the pool are interspersed with a weight-training program that lasts about an hour . This schedule is repeated six days a week , and absolute dedication is required . "  It 's mentally difficult just to push yourself that hard every day . A lot of people do n't realize just how difficult it is , " she admitted . MK squared All that hard work has started to pay off , particularly since she formed her partnership with Koroleva last year . At 22 , Koroleva is slightly older but they had known each other after competing for several years at the same competitions and they have formed a strong friendship . "  She 's like a sister to me , " said Killman . "  We have to think the same , we have to hear music the same and we have to go to practice everyday and spend eight to 10 hours in the water with just each other . " Fellow U.S. squad team members have coined a nickname for the pair : "  MK squared " as they share the same initials and have the same tastes . Olympic dreams The duo will go into their first Games without the pressure of medal expectation in a sport currently dominated by Russia , China and Spain . But Killman is certainly not writing off their chances of causing an upset . "  There 's always that chance that if we push ourselves hard maybe just maybe we can reach the podium , " she said . "  This is it , this is what we 've been working for . We really want to go out and show what we can do . " With synchronized swimmers reaching their peak from their mid-20s onwards , Rio in 2016 remains a long-term target for Killman .	Mary Killman will be competing in her first Olympics in London The 21-year-old will be youngest member of the U.S. Synchronized Swimming team Killman inspired by exploits of Olympic legend Jim Thorpe , also a Native American She is a proud member of the Citizen Potawatomi Nation
Andar , Afghanistan  CNN  -- "  An apple , " English teacher Asadullah writes and reads out on the board . A simple word , perhaps , but here speaking and teaching English is something of a novelty and for the U.S. military and Afghan government a success -- albeit small . It would not have been possible four months ago when soldiers from the 101st Airborne arrived in Andar district in Afghanistan 's Ghazni province -- the first American presence in the area in two years . "  The school was empty , it was essentially a ghost town , " Captain Justin Quisenberry recalled . "  We found a passerby and asked , ` where are all the students , the teachers ? ' He said it had been closed for a couple of years , the Taliban threatened us . It 's just not a safe place to have classes . " An indication of just how powerful the Taliban has been in this area is the turnout for the country 's September elections . Just three people out of the district 's 110,000 residents voted . Classes only just resumed here . The school is in the town of Miri . Although it may not look like an oasis , it is -- of sorts . The local market is thriving . Cell phones and bright clothes imported from Pakistan are among the items on sale , creating an explosion of color against the dull brown of the mud walls . The school is the only one around for miles under government control ; the other 25 remain in the grip of the Taliban . "  The Taliban does n't like that this school is open , " headmaster Abdullah Hakmal told us . "  It 's because they do n't have power here . " He explained the Taliban wants to dictate the curriculum , focusing more on religion rather than other studies . The students , who range from 11-years-old to 25 , used to have to walk for kilometers to get any sort of education at all from a Taliban-controlled school . "  Yes " the class says in unison when we ask if they are happy . As 15-year-old Nuradin puts it , "  It 's great to have a school that is a safe and close walk . " "  The one school we just recently opened up in Miri , it 's in the oil spot or security bubble that we 've been able to establish in the last four months , " U.S. Battalion commander David Fivecoat said . "  We will gradually expand that here over the coming months and begin to take back some of the schools from the ones that are under Taliban control and begin to re-exert government influence here in Andar . " But Taliban influence is not just confined to the educational system ; they have also set up a shadow government . "  What we 've seen here , we 've seen tax collection system where the Taliban has been able to levy taxes on farmers and the wheat harvest came in . We 've also been able to see a small judicial system where they have been able to adjudicate disputes , " Fivecoat added . "  As we 've discovered this and gained some insight into it , it also gives us the ability to target the judges and the tax collectors for the Taliban to remove that infrastructure and make it harder for them to come back if and when they try to come back from Pakistan . " Historically the Taliban leadership and many fighters flee to their safe havens in neighboring Pakistan for the winter , re-emerging for what is known as the "  spring offensive . " "  This winter in December and January insurgent activity has definitely decreased , " explained Fivecoat . "  We 've seen fewer engagements between my soldiers and the enemy , we 've seen less IED 's and really less violence . But in the last week we did hear some reports that some of the Taliban leaders are being ordered back here to fight in Andar due to some of the successes that we 've had . And we 're ready for that if and when they come back . " It 's been a tough fight just to get this far . Since arriving in Andar , Fivecoat has had around 50 soldiers wounded in battle and one killed . Outside of the "  oil spot " or "  security bubble " that the U.S. has managed to establish in Miri itself , fear of the Taliban prevails . On patrol through a small village that sits along one of the major routes in the district , 33-year-old Afghan Army Lieutenant Matiullah asks local men where the Taliban are hiding . Their responses are a variation of "  We do n't know " , "  They are not here , " or "  No , no Taliban . " The search through the village is intended to catch the Taliban off guard . "  A lot of times insurgents will stage their attacks out of villages such as this , hide IED making materials here and generally stage and plan in the mosques around here before they move out on the roads to instigate their attacks on coalition forces and afghan military and police , " U.S. Army Lieutenant Chip Evans explained . The men crouch through the doorways of the rooms in the mud compounds but find nothing . Meanwhile , Matiullah gathers the elders by the mosque , where his address is as much a plea for help as it is a lecture . "  We are coming here to help , you need to help us to bring security , " he says , adding , "  The Taliban comes here to take your money , we are coming to help . " He accuses them of helping the Taliban , otherwise he says troops would not be getting ambushed or blown up in the area . The men sit expressionless , refusing to answer any of Matiullah 's accusations . "  These people do anger me a bit , " Matiullah said . "  But I ca n't really blame them , none of them have weapons and they are too scared of the Taliban . "	U.S. 101st Airborne arrived in Andar district in Afghanistan 's Ghazni province 4 months ago It was the first American presence in the largely Taliban-controlled area in two years Historically the Taliban flee to their safe havens in neighboring Pakistan for winter Outside of this U.S. "  security bubble " the fear of Taliban among population prevails
A series of al Qaeda-based threats to attack American and Western targets in Europe , as well as threats to launch attacks inside the United States , has caused significant concern inside the U.S. intelligence community , CNN has learned . Officials are trying to determine the extent to which the threats may be linked and determine what it may mean about the strength of al Qaeda in several countries . While the "  threat stream " has evolved during the past six months , according to a senior U.S. official , none of the threats has been corroborated . The official said the threats appear to detail "  a lot of activity where intelligence suggests there are operational cells , " but so far , "  we do not see operational cells of al Qaeda inside the United States , " the official said , although he emphasized it could not be ruled out . U.S. officials as well as analysts have long said they believe al Qaeda is focused on attacking outside the United States because of the difficulty in penetrating U.S. homeland security . But these latest threat streams suggest domestic U.S. targets also continue to be looked at by al Qaeda . Worry No. 1 : Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula One of the biggest concerns right now remains efforts by Yemen-based al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula to attack inside Yemen , in Europe and inside the United States . The U.S. Embassy , which was closed several weeks ago , is now expected to remain closed for several more days because of a "  credible threat stream , " a second senior U.S. official told CNN . While it 's believed AQAP is mainly focused on targeting inside of Yemen , officials say an attempt to attack inside the United States or to recruit others to carry out such an attack can not be ruled out . Worry No. 2 : Core group in Pakistan Separately , still another official confirms to CNN that the core al Qaeda group in Pakistan is also seeking to place operatives in places to attack U.S. targets overseas and domestically . U.S. officials confirm an operative who uses the code name Abdullah al-Shami , who is living in Pakistan , may now be heading that group 's efforts to plan external attacks . The New York Times first published al-Shami 's name in February and noted that U.S. intelligence believes he was born in the United States but moved to the Middle East as a child . The New York Times reported that as an American-born citizen , al-Shami could be a target for attack by a U.S. drone . U.S. officials refused to comment , but a private sector analyst who has followed the matter in detail told CNN that killing al-Shami had been discussed in the past . If al-Shami indeed is activity pursuing attacks against the U.S. , it would indicate that the core al Qaeda group in Pakistan might be resurgent in its capabilities . Worry No. 3 : Spillover effects from Syria The third threat stream continues to come from Syria . U.S. officials tell CNN they believe 70 or more Americans have traveled to Syria to fight , and many may have returned home along with other fighters with Western passports . Over the past several months , the U.S. has sought to closely track all Americans traveling to Syria . Earlier this month , the Treasury Department imposed sanctions on an alleged al Qaeda operative , Abd Al-Rahman Muhammad Zafir Al-Dubaysi Al-Juhni . Treasury said that in 2013 , he was part of a group of senior al-Qaeda members in Syria formed to conduct external operations against Western targets . It 's also believed Al-Juhni was in Pakistan at some point , putting him in a position to have interacted with al-Shami .	A "  threat stream " from al Qaeda groups has evolved during the past six months The threats target Europe as well as the United States Official to CNN : So far , "  we do not see operational cells of al Qaeda inside the United States " Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , based in Yemen , is of particular concern
Washington 's governor estimated Friday it will take about $ 15 million to fix a bridge on Interstate 5 that collapsed into a river after being struck by an 18-wheeler , shutting down a portion of the state 's main artery to Canada . The news came at the start of the busy holiday weekend as state and federal investigators worked to figure out what led to Thursday 's collapse of the bridge , which sent vehicles tumbling into the Skagit River near Mount Vernon , about 60 miles north of Seattle . While at least three people were taken to hospitals , there were no fatalities . Gov. Jay Inslee declared a state of emergency in Washington 's northwestern counties of Skagit , Snohomish and Whatcom , noting that the highway is a major conduit and its closure -- for a "  significant period " -- will hurt the area 's economy and its residents . It 's unclear how long the interstate will be closed for the bridge repairs . National Transportation Safety Board inspectors were expected to spend 7 to 10 days investigating the crash , said NTSB chairwoman Deborah Hersman . Showing ` its age ' An initial investigation shows the 1,111 foot-long bridge collapsed when a tractor-trailer hauling an oversized load hit one of the bridge 's overhead tresses , known as the "  superstructure , " Hersman said . "  Obviously , this is a bridge that has lived a very long life , " she told reporters . While the bridge built in 1955 is showing "  its age , " it appears to have been structurally sound . As part of the investigation , the NTSB will review the state 's maintenance and inspection records as well as any damage reports and repairs made to the bridge , Hersman said . A heavy traffic backup along Interstate 5 was reported in both directions by midday Friday as cars and trucks inched along a cumbersome detour that took vehicles off the interstate and onto county roads . Roughly 70,000 vehicles travel that portion of the interstate a day , according to the state Department of Transportion . The collapse apparently was the result of a collision between the tractor-trailer 's cargo and the bridge , Washington State Patrol Sgt. Kirk Rudeen told CNN on Friday . The truck was hauling equipment for a drilling rig , he said . ` Hold on ' Dan Sligh was driving behind the 18-wheeler when he saw it strike one of the bridge 's overhead support structures , and then saw the bridge give way . He slammed on the brakes , but the momentum of his pickup and camper trailer carried Sligh and his wife off the bridge and into the water dozens of feet below , he told CNN affiliate KOMO Thursday , hours after the incident some 60 miles north of Seattle . "  You hold on as tight as you can , " Sligh said . Then , a "  white flash and cold water . " The impact dislocated his shoulder , but the Navy veteran just popped it back in and dragged his unresponsive wife to safety . A second vehicle with one person inside also fell from the bridge , according to state officials . Amazingly , no one died . Sligh 's wife , Sally , was the only one of the three who remained hospitalized Friday . She was in stable condition , according to Skagit Valley Hospital . "  Rough day , " Dan Sligh told KOMO . "  Glad to be here breathing . " ` Functionally obsolete ' The bridge had been rated "  functionally obsolete , " according to a federal database , but state officials said it was safe to drive on . That category is for bridges that may have narrow lanes or shoulders , or spans that do n't provide enough vertical clearance to let tall trucks pass , according to Washington 's DOT . The bridge was inspected as recently as November , said Dave Chesson , a spokesman for the Washington Department of Transportation . "  We would n't be having drivers drive on this bridge if we thought there were any concerns whatsoever , " he said Friday . Sligh told KOMO he was traveling south on the interstate behind the tractor-trailer when he realized the load appeared to be about four feet too wide to fit through the bridge 's superstructure . "  Any time he wants to go over to the left would be OK , " Sligh said he told his wife . But another tractor-trailer appeared to hem the truck in to the right lane . "  There was a big puff of dust , and I hit the brakes . " Dale Ogden told CNN affiliate KING that he was driving near the tractor-trailer 's pilot car when he saw a device on that car designed to indicate whether a truck can clear an obstacle hit the top of the bridge . He then watched in his rear-view mirror as the truck struck the bridge , he told KING . "  It almost tipped the truck over but it came back down . It tipped it up to about a 30-degree angle to the left and it came back down on its wheels , and almost instantaneously behind that I saw girders falling in my rear-view mirror , " he said . The tractor-trailer did not go into the water . The driver was questioned but not detained , state police said . Emergency funding The U.S. Department of Transportation released $ 1 million in emergency funding for the bridge , Inslee said Friday on Twitter . Inslee said the accident starkly demonstrates the need for additional funding for roads and bridges . "  We have some work to do on our bridges whether or not this accident happened , and we have some discussions in Olympia " -- the state capital -- "  about making sure that we make investments in bridges to prevent this kind of thing from happening , " he told reporters . In March , President Barack Obama called on Congress to provide $ 21 billion for infrastructure construction , including improvements to existing roadways.READ MORE : How safe is that bridge you 're driving on ?	NTSB inspectors are investigating the events surrounding the collapse Bridge repair will cost $ 15 million , Washington 's governor says Police : An oversized drill rig casing on a truck hit a bridge girder , leading to the collapse Officials : The bridge was listed as "  functionally obsolete , " but that does n't mean unsafe
PEOPLE.com  -- For some people , owing $ 11 million in back taxes to the IRS and facing foreclosure may be no laughing matter , but Chris Tucker is not one of them . In a stand-up performance in Miami recently , the "  Rush Hour " star , 39 , cracked a few jokes about his financial struggles . "  That 's the last time I let Wesley Snipes help me out with my taxes , " Tucker quipped , according to the Miami New Times , referring to the actor whose failure to file returns landed him a three-year prison sentence . Tucker even used his interactions with bill collectors as fodder for his act . "  They calling you acting like you owe them the money personally ! " he said , according to the paper . "  I do n't owe you s -- ! This is between me and the company ! " Tucker is also quoted as making a crack about being so bad with money that he bought two houses next to each other and then had to ask neighbors to borrow a cup of sugar . See the full article at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Rush Hour " star cracked a few jokes about his financial struggles Tucker even used his interactions with bill collectors as fodder Tucker is also quoted as making a crack about being so bad with money
CNN  -- Germany captain Michael Ballack has suffered a fractured left knee cap following a heavy challenge while playing for Bayer Leverkusen against Hanover on Saturday . The 33-year-old former Chelsea and Bayern Munich midfielder limped off after 30 minutes of the Bundesliga clash and is expected to be out of action for up to two months . The injury means Ballack has already been ruled out of the Euro 2012 qualifiers against Turkey and Kazakhstan . It is a further blow to Ballack , who missed the World Cup finals with an ankle injury and was subsequently left out of the Germany squad for this month 's ties against Belgium and Azerbaijan . Germany national coach Joachim Loew released a statement saying : "  I feel sorry for Michael that he must accept a new health setback . Of course I wish him a quick and speedy recovery . " Meanwhile , Mainz joined Hoffenheim at the top of the Bundesliga table with a 2-1 home victory over Kaiserslautern on Sunday . The visitors went into the interval with the lead courtesy of a well-taken goal from Croatian striker Srdjan Lakic . But Niko Bungert levelled after 71 minutes and Mainz collected all three points with a deflected strike from teenager Andre Schuerrle . The result means Mainz have won all their three opening matches and they stand on nine points , trailing Hoffenheim at the top only on goal difference .	Germany captain Michael Ballack has suffered a fractured left knee cap Ballack sustained the injury while playing for Bayer Leverkusen against Hanover Ballack is ruled out of the Euro 2012 qualifiers against Turkey and Kazakhstan Mainz defeat Kaiserslautern 2-1 to remain 100 per cent in the Bundesliga this season
CNN  -- Forget the burned jerseys . Never mind The Letter . LeBron James won titles in Miami but his heart was in Cleveland , and he 's ready to go home . James told Sports Illustrated for an essay published Friday that he 'll leave the Miami Heat for the Cleveland Cavaliers -- a sensational return to his home region that he devastated when he left via free agency in 2010 . "  I always believed that I 'd return to Cleveland and finish my career there , " the four-time NBA MVP said in a piece he wrote with SI 's Lee Jenkins . "  I just did n't know when . " "  I looked at other teams , " the 29-year-old wrote , "  but I was n't going to leave Miami for anywhere except Cleveland . The more time passed , the more it felt right . This is what makes me happy . " No terms were released , and the Cavs said no contract had been signed as of early Friday afternoon . When James will sign the contract has yet to be determined , Cavaliers Senior Vice President Tad Carper said . Numerous reports say that the maximum salary in the first year of a contract for an 11-year NBA veteran , like James , is $ 20.64 million , though there are exceptions . His move marks the end of a four-year partnership with stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh in Miami -- a run that saw James get his first two NBA titles . But the return to the Cavaliers , which drafted James in 2003 , allows the prodigal son and his native community to reconnect after a separation that shook both . The lakeside city that is long starved for a professional sports championship embraced him Friday . How James is going to make $ 1 billion Fans drove past his Cleveland-area home and honked horns after the news spread . Patrons at a restaurant gushed when a reporter asked what they thought of the move . "  LBJ 's coming home ! Ca n't wait ! Championship ! " a man told CNN affiliate WEWS . "  Cleveland fans are trying to figure out how to unburn their LeBron jerseys , " Twitter user nic_johnston44 wrote . Pat Riley , the Heat president who lured James away in 2010 , said Friday that although he was disappointed , "  no one can fault another person for wanting to return home . " "  The last four years have been an incredible run for South Florida , Heat fans , our organization and for all of the players who were a part of it . LeBron is a fantastic leader , athlete , teammate and person , and we are all sorry to see him go , " Riley said . What about The Letter ? "  We 've talked it out " In 2010 , James and marquee free agent Bosh left their teams to join Wade in Miami -- with James , looking for NBA championships , famously announcing his move in an ESPN special called "  The Decision . " After reaching four straight NBA finals with Miami , James exercised his contract option this summer to become a free agent two years early . James was a Cleveland hero , growing up some 45 miles away in Akron and starring seven years with the Cavs . But his 2010 departure -- and the way he did it , telling ESPN that he was "  taking my talents to South Beach " -- rankled the people of Cleveland , with fans burning James jerseys and stomping on his likeness . Internet responds with LeBron memes If those fans torched the figurative bridge , Cavaliers owner Dan Gilbert vaporized it with a scathing letter blasting James ' "  cowardly betrayal " and , in a forecast that did n't quite pan out , promising that the Cavs would win an NBA title "  before the self-titled former ` king ' wins one . " How could James return to the team after that ? "  I 've met with Dan , face-to-face , man-to-man . We 've talked it out , " the Sports Illustrated story reads . "  Everybody makes mistakes . I 've made mistakes as well . Who am I to hold a grudge ? He also addressed Cleveland fans ' negative reaction to his Miami move . "  It was easy to say , ` OK , I do n't want to deal with these people ever again . ' But then you think about the other side , " he wrote . "  What if I were a kid who looked up to an athlete , and that athlete made me want to do better in my own life , and then he left ? How would I react ? " Twitter reacts So he felt OK to return to Cleveland , where he feels he has unfinished business . In his first Cavs stint , he won two league MVP awards and went to the NBA finals once , but won no ring . The interest was mutual , and the Cavaliers made their intentions known when they shipped off Jarrett Jack , Sergey Karasev , Tyler Zeller and a future first-round draft pick to clear the salary cap space necessary to sign James . James joins a Cavaliers team that has struggled , making no playoffs and picking first three times in the NBA draft since James ' departure . Those picks were two-time All-Star guard Kyrie Irving , UNLV 's Anthony Bennett and University of Kansas phenom Andrew Wiggins , all currently in Cleveland 's possession . James : Miami was "  almost like college " In the SI piece , James said he 'd still have left for Miami if he had to do it all over again . It could be described as the college experience that he never had . "  Miami , for me , has been almost like college for other kids , " James , who went pro straight out of high school , said in Sports Illustrated . "  These past four years helped raise me into who I am . " His ties to his home , he said , pulled him back . "  My relationship with Northeast Ohio is bigger than basketball . I did n't realize that four years ago . I do now . " Bringing trophy to Cleveland "  most important " James ' Instagram account Friday had a photo , showing him in a Cavaliers jersey , said : "  I 'm coming home . " In the SI piece , James wrote that his "  goal is still to win as many titles as possible , no question . " "  But what 's most important for me is bringing one trophy back to Northeast Ohio , " he wrote . "  I 'm not promising a championship . I know how hard that is to deliver , " James added . "  We 're not ready right now . No way . Of course , I want to win next year , but I 'm realistic . It will be a long process , much longer than it was in 2010 . " White House takes notice The news generated intense interest as soon as it broke , around 12:30 p.m. ET Friday . Three of the top 10 trending terms on Twitter were almost instantly related to James . It even came up in the daily press briefing at the White House . When asked , White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest said he did n't know if noted NBA fan President Obama had a reaction to James ' move . But Earnest added : "  The fact that he has made this decision is a testament to the kinds of values that he has incorporated into his life and he says that he is interested in instilling in his children . " "  I think it is a pretty powerful statement about the value of a place that you consider home , " Earnest said . Professional athletes weighed in . From Seattle Seahawks quarterback Russell Wilson on Twitter : "  Congrats to my man @KingJames on Cleveland ! Too bad we do n't have the #Sonics #NoPlaceLikeHome . " Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Torrey Smith said on Twitter : "  I 'm happy Lebron is going to CLE ... not that he owes anyone anything but he means more to that city than anywhere else in the world ! Iconic . " CNN 's Michael Pearson , Eliott C. McLaughlin , Jason Durand and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	James : "  My relationship with Northeast Ohio is bigger than basketball " Four-time league MVP returning to Cavaliers after four years with Heat James says he "  talked it out " with Cavs owner who ripped him in 2010 James : "  My goal is still to win as many titles as possible "
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Paula Abdul is ready for another fresh start , now that she 's kicked her addiction to painkillers , the "  American Idol " judge told a magazine . Paula Abdul told Ladies ' Home Journal that she struggled with a drug problem . The former pop star released a new song this week and will take the "  American Idol " stage Wednesday night to perform it . Abdul , in an interview for the Ladies ' Home Journal 's June issue , acknowledged what she has denied for years -- that she had a drug problem . But last November , days after an obsessed fan apparently killed herself outside Abdul 's home , she went to a health spa where weaned herself off prescription pain medications she had used for a dozen years . "  Withdrawal -- it 's the worst thing , " she told the magazine . "  I was freezing cold , then sweating hot , then chattering and in so much pain , it was excruciating . But at my very core , I did not like existing the way I had been . " Watch more on Abdul 's challenges " Abdul acknowledged several years ago that she used medications to kill the pain for a series of injuries , but this is apparently her first admission she was hooked on them . When People magazine asked her about it in 2005 , she chose her words carefully : "  Drugs ? I 'm not addicted to pills of any kind , " Abdul then said . Her painkillers were , in fact , not pills . Abdul wore a patch that delivered a pain medication about 80 times more potent than morphine , she told Ladies ' Home Journal . Abdul 's slurring of words and apparent confusion on "  American Idol " and during interviews stirred rumors of a drug problem in recent years . She told the magazine , though , she was never under the influence during a show . Her pains began with a cheerleading accident at age 17 , but were compounded by later mishaps -- including a stage accident in 1991 , a car wreck in 1992 and a plane crash in 1993 , she said . The persistent hurting is almost gone after a 15th surgery , she said . After two short marriages , Abdul said she is still looking for a soul mate . "  I 'm working on finding that guy , " she said . She premiered her new song -- "  I 'm Just Here for the Music " -- on "  Idol " host Ryan Seacrest 's radio show Tuesday . She told Seacrest she only decided last week to accept the invitation to perform it live on the TV show . "  I was invited by the producers and I was n't sure it I was going to do it because timing was of the essence , " she said . She said she put her performance together over the weekend . Abdul 's "  American Idol " contract ends with this season , and she told Seacrest she did not know if she would be back to judge next season .	Paula Abdul told Ladies ' Home Journal she had painkiller addiction She went to spa to wean self : "  I did not like existing the way I had been " Abdul told magazine she was never under the influence on "  American Idol " Series of painful accidents starting at age 17 were root cause of addiction , she says
What is widely recognized as the most authoritative study of the United States ' responses to mass killings around the world -- from the massacres of Armenians by the Turks a century ago , to the Holocaust , to the more recent Serbian atrocities against Bosnian Muslims and the ethnic cleansing of the Tutsis in Rwanda -- concluded that they all shared unfortunate commonalities : "  Despite graphic media coverage , American policymakers , journalists and citizens are extremely slow to muster the imagination needed to reckon with evil . Ahead of the killings , they assume rational actors will not inflict seemingly gratuitous violence . They trust in good-faith negotiations and traditional diplomacy . Once the killings start , they assume that civilians who keep their head down will be left alone . They urge cease-fires and donate humanitarian aid . " This is an almost perfect description of how the United States has acted over the past two years as it has tried to come up with some kind of policy to end the Assad regime 's brutal war on its own people in Syria . The author who wrote the scathingly critical history of how the United States has generally dithered in the face of genocide and mass killings went on to win a 2003 Pulitzer Prize for her book "  A Problem from Hell : America and the Age of Genocide . " A decade after winning the Pulitzer , that author is now the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations . Her name , of course , is Samantha Power , and she is a longtime , close aide to President Barack Obama . She started working for Obama when he was a largely unknown junior senator from Illinois . Power called her 610-page study of genocide "  A Problem from Hell " because that 's how then-U.S. Secretary of State Warren Christopher referred to the Bosnian civil war and the unpalatable options available to the U.S. in the early 1990s to halt the atrocities by the Serbs . One of the U.S. officials that Power took to task in her book is Susan Rice who , as the senior State Department official responsible for Africa , did nothing in the face of the genocide unfolding in Rwanda in 1994 . Rice is quoted in the book as suggesting during an interagency conference call that the public use of the word "  genocide " to describe what was then going on in Rwanda while doing nothing to prevent it would be unwise and might negatively affect the Democratic Party in upcoming congressional elections . Rice later told Power she could not recall making this statement but also conceded that if she had made it , the statement was "  completely inappropriate , as well as irrelevant . " Rice is now Obama 's national security adviser . In 2012 , at Power 's urging , Obama announced the creation of an interagency task force to help stamp out atrocities around the world . Called the Atrocities Prevention Board , it was led by Power during its first year . Meanwhile , the body count in Syria kept spiraling upward . For the past two years , Obama has n't wanted to intervene militarily in Syria . Who would ? The country is de facto breaking up into jihadist-run "  emirates " and Alawite rump states . It is also the scene of a proxy war that pits al Qaeda affiliates backed by Qatar and Saudi Arabia against Hezbollah , backed by Iran . Whoever ultimately prevails in this fight is hardly going to be an ally of the U.S. It 's an ungodly mess that makes even Iraq in 2006 look good . It is , in short , a problem from hell . Power , Rice and Obama today face some of the very same unpalatable choices that have confronted other U.S. national security officials as they tried to prevent mass killings in other distant , war-torn countries . They can continue to do little as the Syrian civil war drags on into its third year with 100,000 dead and rising . It 's a state of affairs now compounded by the fact that the regime of President Bashar al-Assad appears not only to have crossed the "  red line " with its use of chemical weapons but seems to have now sprinted past that line , killing hundreds with neurotoxins in a Damascus suburb , according to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . He 's blasted those attacks as something that "  should shock the conscience of the world . It defies any code of morality . " Opinion : How Al-Assad used chemical weapons to poison debate on Syria Doing nothing will not be treated kindly by future historians writing in the same vein as Power . The issue now in Syria is not simply that al-Assad is massacring his own civilians at an industrial rate , but he is also flagrantly flouting a well-established international norm by this regime 's reported large-scale use of neurotoxins as weapons against civilians . It seems inconceivable that the United States as the guarantor of international order would not respond to this in some manner . But on what authority ? There is scant chance of a U.N. resolution authorizing military action . When she was U.N. ambassador , Rice skillfully ushered a resolution through the Security Council that authorized military action in Libya in 2011 . But Russia and China will almost certainly veto any similar kind of resolution on Syria . Russia is one of Syria 's few allies , and Russia and China are generally staunchly against any kind of international intervention in the affairs of other countries , no matter how egregious the behavior of those states might be . That leaves the possibility of some kind of unilateral action by the United States . The U.S. regularly infringes the sovereignty of countries such as Pakistan and Yemen with CIA drone strikes on the novel legal theory that terrorists planning strikes on the U.S. are living in those nations and those countries are either unable or unwilling to take out the terrorists on their territory -- and therefore their sovereignty can be infringed by drone attacks . But making a claim that the Syrian regime threatens the U.S. is implausible , and therefore some kind of unilateral American action seems quite unlikely . In 1986 , the Reagan administration launched air strikes at the homes of Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi , but only after an incident in which Libyan agents had bombed a disco in Berlin , killing two American servicemen . No such casus belli exists with Syria today . Since neither a U.N. authorized military mission nor a unilateral American strike seem likely , what options are left ? One appealing option could be something along the lines of the Kosovo model . The Kosovo War in 1999 was entirely an air war in which no American soldiers were killed . The goal of the air campaign was to push Serbian forces out of Kosovo . Russia was allied with the Serbs so , as in the Syrian case today , there was no chance a U.N. resolution authorizing force would pass . At the time NATO justified the Kosovo War "  to avert a humanitarian catastrophe . " On Thursday , the British government released a similar statement saying that the grounds for military action against Syria "  would be humanitarian intervention ; the aim is to relieve humanitarian suffering by deterring or disrupting the further use of chemical weapons . " But on Thursday night the British parliament voted against authorizing military action -- a real setback for the Obama administration 's plan to assemble something of a coalition to participate in any forthcoming operation in Syria . In the case of Kosovo , the war was conducted by NATO forces . Kosovo is , of course , in Europe , and NATO is a Europe-focused security alliance while Syria is the Middle East , so NATO action there would be much more problematic . A NATO force does fight in Afghanistan today , but that is only because one of its member states , the United States , was attacked on 9/11 from Afghanistan by al Qaeda , which triggered NATO 's Article 5 , the right to collective self-defense of the members of the alliance . If an air war were to be launched against Syria , one scenario could be that Turkey , a member of NATO , could invoke Article 5 because Syria has fired into its territory on a regular basis . So far , Turkey has proved reluctant to invoke Article 5 but the reported large-scale use of chemical weapons by the Assad regime might change the calculus of the Turks . A further source of legitimacy for military action could be the strong statement Tuesday by the Arab League that the Assad regime is responsible for the "  heinous crime " of using chemical weapons . The Arab League is generally a toothless talking shop , which seemed to have surprised even itself two years back when it endorsed military action against Gadhafi . However , the Arab League has not endorsed any military action against Assad , although some of its members have privately urged the U.S. to take action against his regime in the past . It is hard to believe that some kind of military action against Syria wo n't now take place , likely in the form of U.S. cruise missile attacks from ships in the Mediterranean . Such attacks have the merit that they wo n't put U.S. aircraft at risk , which could well encounter problems with Syria 's reputedly formidable air defense systems . And the operation will likely have participation by France and a tacit green light from leading members of the Arab League such as Saudi Arabia , giving it a semblance of international legitimacy .	Samantha Power 's Pulitzer-Prize winning study found U.S. very slow to fight evil regimes Peter Bergen : Her work is a perfect description of U.S. dithering on the Syria crisis U.S. is likely to strike Syria but lacks a strong basis in international law , he says Bergen : U.N. wo n't support a strike , but NATO and Arab League could back it
CNN  -- A landlord wants the Ohio Civil Rights Commission on Thursday to reconsider its finding that she violated the law by posting a "  white only " sign at her swimming pool . Jamie Hein has asked the commission to reverse its initial ruling that found she violated the Ohio Civil Rights Act by putting up a sign that read "  Public Swimming Pool , White Only " at her Cincinnati duplex . The commission , meeting this week in Columbus , concluded last year that the sign "  restricts the social contact between Caucasians and African Americans as well as reinforcing discrimination actions that are aimed at oppressing all ` people of color . ' " The case was brought by Michael Gunn , a white man who said had unrestricted access to the pool area for himself and his guests during the nearly two years he lived in the duplex , he said in a December interview . Gunn , a software engineer , said he and his girlfriend , who is also white , lived upstairs ; their 31-year-old landlord lived downstairs . However , he said their relationship soured in May 2011 when he invited his 10-year-old biracial daughter to visit and swim in the pool . "  Complainant states that the owner , Jamie Hein , accused his daughter of making the pool ` cloudy ' because she used chemicals in her hair , " the commission said in its summary . "  Days later , the owner posted a sign on the gate to the pool which read , ` Public Swimming Pool , White Only . ' " Hein said she received the sign from a friend and posted it in early May , the summary says . Several people interviewed by the commission staff confirmed that they had seen the sign , it added . Hein did not respond to a request for comment at the time . But she told ABC News in December that she collects antiques . She said the sign , which was dated 1931 and from Alabama , was a gift from a friend . "  I do n't have any problem with race at all . It 's a historical sign , " she told ABC . Gunn said he was outraged by the sign and made arrangements to find another place to live as soon as he could . "  We were extremely upset and moved out on June 21 , 2011 , in order to not expose my daughter to the sign and the humiliation of the message , " Gunn wrote in his complaint . He said he never confronted Hein about the matter , but has no doubt that the sign was intended for his daughter .	Jamie Hein is asking the state civil rights commission to reconsider its ruling The commission has previously ruled Hein violated the Ohio Civil Rights Act Hein put up a "  Public Swimming Pool , White Only " sign at her pool A former tenant says the sign was put up after his biracial daughter swam in the pool
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's prime minister on Tuesday defended the mission in Afghanistan as "  vital " to protecting his country from terrorists , following the death of the 100th British serviceman in Afghanistan this year . The soldier , from the 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment , was killed Monday by small arms fire in the Nad-e Ali area of Afghanistan 's southern Helmand province , Britain 's Ministry of Defence said . His name was not released , but the soldier 's next of kin were informed , the ministry said . The soldier was the 100th member of the British armed forces to die in Afghanistan this year , the ministry said . Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in the country since the start of fighting in 2001 . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown emphasized the "  real impact " of the Afghan mission as he offered his condolences to the soldier 's family . "  Our military presence in Afghanistan means that al Qaeda can not use the country as a base from which to plot terrorist attacks against Britain , " Brown said in a statement Monday . "  And the work of our armed forces in the next stage of the campaign , the training and partnering of the Afghan security forces to do this job for themselves , along with the political and civilian development of the country , will be vital in ensuring the British people are safer for generations to come . " British Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth also defended the importance of the mission to security at home . "  I believe we must keep at the forefront of our minds why our people are in Afghanistan , " Ainsworth said in a statement . "  Our presence in Afghanistan is vital in preventing it from once again becoming a haven for terrorists who would seek to threaten the UK . " Ainsworth said "  taking the fight to the insurgents " -- along with providing security and training Afghan security forces -- will help Afghanistan become stable and independent . The death came a week after Brown announced that the UK would send an extra 500 troops to Afghanistan in early December , bringing the British contingent there to more than 9,500 . Brown regularly links British security to events in Afghanistan and Pakistan , saying attacks on London and other British targets have been planned in South Asia . He announced in October the decision in principle to boost force levels but said certain conditions -- including proper equipment for the British troops and more troop commitments from other countries -- had to be met first . The UK has the largest contingent in Afghanistan after the United States . The figure of 9,500 does not include special forces , said Brown , who declined to say exactly how many of those were there , but indicated it is more than 500 .	Britain 's prime minister and defense secretary defend mission in Afghanistan as "  vital " Their defense follows death of 100th British serviceman in Afghanistan this year Britain has lost more than 200 service personnel in the country since start of fighting in 2001 UK has largest contingent of troops in Afghanistan after United States
CNN  -- Croatia striker Eduardo has left English club Arsenal to join Ukrainian champions Shakhtar Donetsk , both teams confirmed on Wednesday . The 27-year-old scored 20 goals in 67 appearances for the London outfit , but his impact was hampered after suffering a serious leg break in February 2008 . Eduardo signed a new long-term contract in November , but the Brazil-born player was allowed to leave for an undisclosed fee as he joined 2009 UEFA Cup winners Shakhtar on a four-year deal . The signing of Marouane Chamakh from French club Bordeaux in May left Eduardo down the pecking order at Arsenal , who also have World Cup stars Robin Van Persie and Nicklas Bendtner to call upon up front . "  Eduardo 's recovery from his injury sustained at Birmingham City in February 2008 is a testament to his strength as a human being , and this character and determination will be missed by everyone associated at Arsenal , " the club said in a statement on its website . "  Everyone at Arsenal would like to thank Eduardo for his contribution towards the club and wishes him the best of luck for the future . " Meanwhile , Arsenal 's Premier League rivals Liverpool continued rebuilding under new manager Roy Hodgson with the signing of defender Danny Wilson from Scottish champions Rangers . The center-back , 18 , agreed a three-year contract in a deal which could be worth up to $ 7.5 million to the cash-strapped Glasgow side , who have now lost seven players ahead of the new season . Liverpool also unveiled England midfielder Joe Cole , who joined on a free transfer earlier this week after his contract at double winners Chelsea expired . European champions Inter Milan signed Andrea Ranocchia from Genoa for an undisclosed fee on a five-year contract , but the 22-year-old central defender will be loaned back to the Serie A club for the new season . The Italian league winners also sent young striker Mattia Destro on loan to Genoa as part of the deal . It was a busy day for Genoa , who sold Greece 's World Cup defender Sokratis Papastathopoulos to AC Milan for a reported $ 5.7 million on a five-year contract . The 22-year-old was new Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri 's first signing since replacing Leonardo . Allegri also tied up veteran former Italy fullback Massimo Oddo , 34 , to a new one-year contract , while Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi told reporters that former Brazil star Ronaldinho was not for sale .	Ukrainian champions Shakhtar Donetsk sign Croatia striker Eduardo from Arsenal The 27-year-old joins for undisclosed fee despite recently signing new Arsenal contract English club Liverpool sign defender Danny Wilson from Scottish champions Rangers European champions Inter Milan sign defender Andrea Ranocchia from Genoa
Wu Yuanhong , a man suffering from schizophrenia in China 's southeastern Jiangxi Province , was forced by his mother to live in a small metal cage for 11 years after he beat a young boy to death . Reports of Wu 's dire situation surfaced in Chinese media last May , accompanied by images of the 42-year old sitting in the cage in his underwear , his feet shackled by a heavy chain . Cases similar to Wu are not unheard of in China . Work pressure , the breakdown of traditional family structures , and other aspects of China 's rapid modernization have brought an increase in psychological stress to the population . There are often reports of violent , random attacks , killings and suicides . One of the most memorable was when a depressed 27-year-old factory worker tried to feed himself to a pair of Bengal tigers at a Chengdu zoo by jumping into their cage last February . Not enough help The country 's public health system is struggling to keep up with the demand in mental health care . Around 173 million Chinese suffer from a mental disorder , according to a 2009 study published in British medical journal The Lancet . But there are only 20,000 psychiatrists , equaling 1.5 for each 100,000 people , or a tenth of the ratio in the United States . Professor Michael Phillips , director of the Shanghai Mental Health Center at Shanghai Jiao Tong University , estimated that only 5 % of people who currently have a mental illness in China have received psychiatric care from a professional . "  The factors that affect the low care-seeking rates are many , " he said . "  Lack of awareness that they suffer from a psychiatric condition , lack of locally available mental health services , fear of stigma , belief that seeking psychological help will be useless , costs , etcetera . " Dubious therapy As a response to the massive demand for help with mental health problems , under-qualified mental health practitioners have sprung up across the country . Dr. Sammy Cheng Kin-wing , Hong Kong-based chairman of the Division of Clinical Psychology , part of the Hong Kong Psychological Society , said he receives many complaints from the public . Commonly complaints are about unregistered psychologists who give unprofessional advice to clients , fail to provide proper assessments and break confidentiality . "  Many people are setting up practices in mainland China . Some are well-trained , but that 's just a minority . Because the need is so great , the unqualified can still run their businesses and offer treatment . I 've been in contact with patients who feel very angry over services received , sometimes with emotional state worsened during treatment . They said they would never see a psychologist again , " said Cheng . Professor Phillips agreed that "  charlatans occur everywhere " and "  there are uneducated subgroups in China that are gullible . " "  In terms of professional services there are certainly locations with sub-standard levels of care , primarily because of a lack of trained personnel , " he added . ` Ankang ' Ironically , while those in genuine need of help have been unable to get any , the government has used confinement in mental institutions as a way to silence political dissenters , human rights activists claim . Nicholas Bequelin , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch  HRW  in Hong Kong , said it 's a method that has been used increasingly over the past decade , calling it "  an absolute violation of medical ethics . " One of those alleged to have been a victim of the practice , is Xing Shiku . Chinese Human Rights Defenders say he has been incarcerated in a psychiatric hospital in Heilongjiang Province for more than six years . Xing , they say , had been filing complaints to the central government about corruption and other problems related to the privatization of the state-owned company where he worked . These mental institutions are called "  ankang "  "  peace and health "  hospitals and are managed by the Public Security Bureau . Treatments include beatings and electric shocks , according to HRW . As of 2011 , there were some 20 "  ankang " institutions operating in China . Although China 's National Health and Family Planning Commission did not directly respond to the allegations , they stated that "  China 's mental health organizations strictly follow laws when practicing diagnosis and treatment . " They added that diagnoses of mental disorders are made according to the Chinese Classification of Mental Disorders and International Classification of Diseases . Baby steps The government has taken steps to address the shallow mental health system , such as financing mental health services and provide training for primary care providers . Most notably , a new mental health law was introduced last year -- it took 27 years to pass the legislation . Among the most significant changes was a new set of rights for patients , including not being hospitalized against their will . Despite constructive changes , HRW argues that there are still plenty of loopholes . "  The very first test of the mental health law will be whether those held in psychiatric facilities for political reasons are immediately released , " the organization 's China director , Sophie Richardson , said in a statement . The new law is a big step in the right direction , most commentators say . But a voluntary admissions system will further increase the need for more mental health practitioners and community-based services , potentially sending a system already in disarray into further decline . While a wholesale reform of the mental health system is needed , one expert says no number of laws and certifications can help therapists gain the most important skill of all : a nuanced understanding of human emotion . Harry Hoffmann and his wife Tina , a psychological counselor , run Da Wen , a counseling and coaching private practice in Kunming , Yunnan Province . Part of their business is to train those who wish to become therapists themselves . "  I met a man from Chengdu with a master degree in psychology who said ' I have learned nothing about inner feelings and emotions  from school  . Can you help me to gain those skills ? ' " said Hoffmann . "  For me , therapy is almost like art , with a set of ethical guidelines and a holistic health approach . " Factory life far from home leaves China 's migrant workers vulnerable	There are 1.5 therapists for each 100,000 mental illness sufferers Unqualified therapists prey on the weak , worsening their condition Human Rights Watch says mental hospitals are filled with political prisoners
CNN  A Facebook post by actor Ashton Kutcher lamenting the lack of diaper changing tables in public men 's rooms has parents talking . The new father -- he and partner Mila Kunis welcomed baby Wyatt Isabelle in October -- complained to his followers that he had yet to encounter a changing table in the public bathrooms he visits . He offered to give a social media shout-out to the first business where he found a diapering table in the men 's room . The post had logged more than 230,000 comments as of Wednesday morning . Lots of folks offered up places Kutcher should patronize , such as Walmart and Cracker Barrel , where they say changing tables abound . Some dads said they did n't have a problem finding changing tables , but it may be because they 're frequenting more down-to-Earth establishments than the Hollywood star . Other posters said "  family restrooms " would take care of the problem altogether . Do modern dads get enough credit ? Many praised Kutcher for raising the issue : "  Thank you for doing this . This is not just an issue for dad 's such as yourself who are awesome , but so many of the families I know who have two daddies have this issue ALL The time , " wrote one poster . Another mom agreed : "  My boyfriend was taken aback when he had to get a key for the family change room instead of just going into the men 's with our son because they had no change table . It does n't make ANY SENSE . Gender equality needs to go both ways . " No update yet on whether Kutcher has encountered a diapering station in a men 's room . Dad blogger 's death prompts renewed push to rename ` Amazon Mom '	Actor Ashton Kutcher complained on Facebook that men 's rooms do n't have diapering tables He offered to give free publicity to the first establishment where he encountered one Kutcher and his partner , Mila Kunis , welcomed baby Wyatt Isabelle in October
Washington  CNN  -- The House of Representatives voted Wednesday to overturn the ban on openly gay and lesbian soldiers serving in the U.S. military , passing legislation repealing the controversial "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . The bill -- a so-called "  stand alone " measure not tied to any other legislative items -- passed 250 to 175 on mostly partisan lines . It now advances to the Senate . The House previously passed a repeal of the ban as part of a larger defense policy bill , but the measure stalled last week in the Senate . On Wednesday , the top Democrat and Republican on the Senate Armed Services Committee announced a compromise on a stripped-down version of the defense policy bill that cut out the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " repeal language and some other provisions . Some senators had expressed concern that the policy dispute over "  do n't ask , do n't tell " and other issues could undermine the larger defense policy bill , which influences how the Pentagon spends it budget . Also Wednesday , moderate Republican Sen. Olympia Snowe of Maine announced her support for repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " but only after the Senate completes work on the tax and benefits package and a measure authorizing continued government spending this fiscal year . Snowe became the fourth Republican to publicly support a repeal , giving Democrats an opening to overcome a certain Republican filibuster . Sensing momentum on the issue , President Barack Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates called Wednesday for Senate approval so that the repeal can be signed into law . "  Moving forward with the repeal is not only the right thing to do , it will also give our military the clarity and certainty it deserves , " Obama said in a White House statement . "  We must ensure that Americans who are willing to risk their lives for their country are treated fairly and equally by their country . Gates "  encourages the Senate to pass the legislation this session , enabling the Department of Defense to carefully and responsibly manage a change in this policy instead of risking an abrupt change resulting from a decision in the courts , " said a statement issued by Pentagon Press Secretary Geoff Morrell . The sponsors of the measure in the Senate -- Connecticut independent Joe Lieberman and Maine Republican Susan Collins -- said the House vote showed bipartisan support for ending the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy . "  It is now the Senate 's turn to take the final step toward overturning this discriminatory policy . We are out of excuses , " their statement concluded . In House debate before Wednesday 's vote , Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D-California , also said that "  now is the time for us to act . " "  We should honor the service of all who want to contribute " to America 's security , Pelosi said . "  Repealing ` do n't ask , do n't tell ' makes for good public policy . " "  Discrimination is wrong , " declared Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia . "  On the battlefield it does not matter who you love . Only the flag that you serve . " Conservative Republicans argued that , among other things , a repeal would place an unreasonable burden on the military at a time when it is already facing severe strains in Afghanistan and elsewhere . This is "  an imposition of somebody 's social agenda , " said Rep. Todd Akin , R-Missouri . It 's an "  eclipse of reason , an eclipse of common sense . " "  The United States military is not the YMCA . It 's something special , " said Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California . This is "  a liberal crusade to create a utopia . " Obama and Democratic leaders are trying to push through a repeal before the end of the current lame-duck congressional session . The more conservative incoming Congress -- which will be seated the first week of January -- is considered far less likely to overturn the Clinton-era ban . The Democratic Senate caucus has 58 members , meaning Democrats need at least two Republicans to join them to overcome a filibuster . So far , Republicans Snowe , Collins , Scott Brown of Massachusetts and Lisa Murkowski of Alaska have said they would support a repeal , but they also have stood by a GOP pledge to block all Senate business until a resolution is reached on extending the Bush tax cuts and authorizing continued government this fiscal year . Both the tax package and the spending authorization proposal are being debated and were expected to be passed in some form by the end of the lame-duck session . However , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , warned Wednesday night that Republican stall tactics could prevent the repeal from coming up before the current lame-duck session expires . "  We are very quickly running out of days in this Congress , " Reid said in a statement . "  The time for week-long negotiations on amendments and requests for days of debate is over . Republican Senators who favor repealing this discriminatory policy need to join with us now to stand against those who are trying to run out the clock on this Congress . " A Pentagon study released earlier this month concluded that allowing openly gay or lesbian troops to serve in the military would have little lasting impact on the U.S. armed forces . Opposition to the change was much higher in Army and Marine combat units than in the military as a whole . Gates has warned that court challenges to "  do n't ask , do n't tell " could force an abrupt repeal of the policy , rather than the process in the legislation that would allow the military to manage the change on a longer timetable . Last spring , Gates made changes that required any fact-finding inquiries about a possible "  do n't ask , do n't tell " violation in the ranks to be started by an officer with the rank of colonel or Navy commander or higher . He also initiated rules that made it more difficult for a service member to be removed because of a third-party "  outing . " The number of military discharges made due to the policy has since dropped sharply . CNN 's Alan Silverleib , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Reid warns Republican stall tactics could prevent a repeal from passing President Obama , defense secretary urge Senate passage of the repeal bill Republican Sen. Snowe announces her support of a repeal The House votes to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy , sending it to the Senate
Indians expressed outrage Tuesday at a top telecommunication official 's push to get social media sites to screen content considered defamatory to religious and political leaders . Telecommunications Minister Kapil Sibal told reporters Tuesday that he is asking Facebook , Twitter and other online sites to regulate content before it is published . Sibal insisted such regulation would not amount to censorship , but Indian bloggers and online users posted a different view . #IdiotKapilSibal was trending on Twitter Tuesday . And blogger Shivam Vij urged Indians to use the hashtag and post it on their Facebook pages "  because there may soon be a day when he may prevent you from doing so . " Sibal said he first approached providers including Facebook , Twitter and Google several weeks ago . The New York Times reported that Sibal showed the service providers a Facebook page that maligned Congress Party President Sonia Gandhi and said it was "  unacceptable . " But he said that in a meeting Monday , those companies informed him they could not do what he was asking . "  They pretty much said they can not do anything , " he said , adding that material that is incendiary or blasphemous has no place in India , where sensitivities differ from those in the West . Sites like Facebook already have built-in mechanisms to flag and filter defined categories of objectionable content . In a statement sent to CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN , Facebook said : "  We want Facebook to be a place where people can discuss things freely , while respecting the rights and feelings of others , which is why we already have policies and on-site features in place that enable people to report abusive content . We will remove any content that violates our terms , which are designed to keep material that is hateful , threatening , incites violence or contains nudity off the service . We recognize the government 's interest in minimizing the amount of abusive content that is available online and will continue to engage with the Indian authorities as they debate this important issue . " Sibal 's proposal is "  extremely worrying , " but the idea is not new one in India , said Nikhil Pahwa , editor of MediaNama , a firm that analyzes digital media . Information technology rules issued earlier this year allow officials to demand the removal of objectionable content . The difference with what Sibal is proposing now , Pahwa said , is that service providers would have to censor content before it is even published . "  Absolutely , it 's censorship of free speech , " Pahwa said . "  The fear I have is that this is the beginning of something bigger . " There are no exact numbers , but it 's estimated that as many as 100 million Indians are online . And that number is rapidly growing in a nation of 1.2 billion people . Sites like Facebook and Twitter have gained popularity through their use on mobile phones . Pahwa said he suspects the Indian government got spooked by the use of social media this year to galvanize popular uprisings in the Middle East , riots in the United Kingdom and the anti-corruption movement at home . The Indian government , Pahwa said , is arming itself with the tools to stave off mass anti-government demonstrations . Even more troubling is if the government tries to stifle political opposition by censoring online content , Pahwa said . Increasingly , Indian political groups are using the Internet to generate support . "  What I am worried about is the arbitrary decision taken to go down this path , " he said . "  What is the government trying to hide ? Why this cloak-and-dagger approach ? " Meanwhile , Tuesday evening , Twitter was still buzzing in the world 's largest democracy . Wrote r2the : "  Just ridiculous . What 's next ? They prevent thoughts from ever developing in our brains ? "	India 's top telecommunications official wants service providers to screen comments Many Indians are outraged by the proposal , calling it censorship An analyst says the government may have been spooked by social-media generated protests The analyst calls the proposal "  extremely worrying "
The Frisky  -- Sometimes , I suppose , even celebrities need a few extra bucks . Maybe they want to buy a new Benz or a house in the south of France or add a bowling alley to the basement of their mansion ? Whatever their motive , many turn to advertising when singing , acting or modeling gigs start to dry up . Usually , they just stand around and talk about the product and the commercial is n't too much of a stretch . But some celebrity endorsements have left us scratching our heads . Take Dita von Teese who , this summer , is teaming up with Perrier for their new "  paparazzi " line . We are n't really sure what burlesque and paparazzi have to do with sparkling water but , hey , it 'll probably work . Here are nine more star hucksters peddling strange wares . The Frisky : 10 hottest Hollywood moms over 40 Carrie Bradshaw is so PC now In "  Sex and the City , " columnist Carrie Bradshaw does all of her writing on a Mac . She 's been shown typing away on it for many , many years -- through all the seasons and the first movie . But in "  Sex and the City 2 , " Bradshaw will be using an HP because of a partnership with Hewlett-Packard . She 'll also be showing up in some of their television commercials , print ads , outdoor ads and online ads . Some of the other characters in the movie will be representing the product , too . And they think die-hard fans wo n't notice the switch ? The Frisky : I sabotaged my relationship to have drinks with my ex King of Darkness ' soft spot for butter Ozzy Osbourne did a spot for ... butter . Well , actually , it was for "  I Ca n't Believe It 's Not Butter , " which is a combination of chemicals meant to resemble butter . Still , who 'd have guessed this old rock star would be doing food ads ? Perhaps they paid him in alcohol ? At least they did n't have him spread the stuff on a bat . Punk icon turned insurance salesman Iggy Pop showed up in a commercial for Swift Cover , which is some kind of insurance for your insurance . That 's pretty strange in and of itself but the ad featured Iggy dancing , twitching and sweating while standing topless in front of a purple screen and saying weird things through a clenched , wrinkly jaw . This is a good way not to sell a product . The Frisky : 14 examples of the worst facial hair in Major League Baseball Designer Coke In April , Karl Lagerfeld teamed up with Coke , designing a new and very pretentious-looking Coca-Cola "  Light " bottle , to be sold at $ 5 a pop . Not surprisingly , it is a chic combo of black , white and pink and has a picture of Lagerfeld on it . Die-hard fans can purchase the $ 80 boxed set at the exclusive Colette boutique in Paris , which comes with one bottle of Lagerfeld 's Coca Cola "  Light , " a display box , and a bottle opener . Or , you Coke fans just buy a regular bottle of Coca-Cola for $ .99 ? Water does her hot body good We all know hot models and celebs move products off shelves , but now even bottled water companies are using super hot stars to push their products . Recently , Jennifer Aniston teamed up with Smart Water and their new ad shows the 41-year-old actress posing with rock-hard abs and a big bottle of the pricey water . The ads call Smart Water Aniston 's "  workout partner , " but , let 's face it : it 's just water , which is basically everyone 's workout partner . Twilight star 's titillating print ad Ashley Greene , who played Alice in "  Twilight , " also did a weird stint for advertising all in the name of "  healthy " water . She wore a painted-on swimsuit  and nothing else but paint  that made her look like she was covered in scales for SoBe 's Lifewater , a calorie-free drink that 's sort of like water , but it 's not . Alice Cooper eats peas for cash In one of the weirdest duos I 've seen in a long time , Alice Cooper paired up with British TV star Ronnie Corbett to do a spot for Britain 's Sky TV Channel . I was too busy watching Cooper and Corbett converse and stuff peas and potatoes in their faces to figure out what the commercial was actually for . It certainly does n't help that the dialogue in it is incredibly difficult to understand . The Frisky : How celebrities get in shape for summer Fred Flintstone sold cigarettes About 40 years ago , Fred Flintstone was pushing Winston Cigarettes . The commercial shows Fred going into a cave to buy some cigs . Then , he gets into a conversation with the shop owner about how awesome Winstons are . He proudly claims he 'll never smoke anything else . That is , until scientists found out cigarettes cause cancer and he switched to hawking kids ' vitamins and mac n ' cheese shapes . Gorbachev 's political pizza spot Although former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev is n't technically a celebrity , his commercial for Pizza Hut in 1997 was just too weird not to mention here . The ad , which is subtitled , features Gorbachev chowing down in a very rustic-looking pizza restaurant while people praise his political prowess . The whole thing was meant to promote Pizza Hut 's "  the edge " pizza , which had toppings that went all the way to the edge of the crust . Huh ? TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Dita von Teese is teaming up with Perrier for their new "  paparazzi " line this summer Bradshaw  Parker  will be using an HP because of a partnership with Hewlett-Packard Jennifer Aniston 's ad for Smart Water shows the acress posing with rock-hard abs
CNN  -- An Indian reservation in South Dakota voted to repeal a decades-old ban on alcohol , according to preliminary results announced by the Oglala Sioux Tribe Wednesday . The unofficial tally from Tuesday 's vote at Pine Ridge Indian Reservation shows that 1,645 members voted in favor of lifting the ban , 1,494 voted against and 438 votes were challenged . "  Challenge votes are being counted and will be released as soon as they are received from the election committee , " the Oglala Lakota Nation website said . Pine Ridge is the last dry reservation in the state . The debate about allowing alcohol on the reservation divided the community . The ban , in effect for decades , prohibits the possession and consumption of alcohol on the reservation . But the ban was n't working , Lawrence Eagle Bull , one of nine Oglala tribal council members who agreed to put the issue to a vote , said before the balloting . Eagle Bull compared the situation to the United States ' Prohibition era . "  It did n't work then , " he said . "  It created a criminal element . " Others were firm in their commitment to keep the land dry , saying legalizing alcohol would solve nothing . "  Alcohol is behind every social problem we have , " said activist and tribe member Olowan Martinez . "  It 's our biggest enemy -- legalizing it wo n't solve the problem . " She cites problems such as domestic abuse , assault , rape and unemployment . She added that drinking is killing the population : "  It 's liquid genocide . " What both sides agree on is that alcohol abuse is common on the reservation and beer is easy to get . The neighboring border town of Whiteclay , Nebraska , is home to fewer than 15 residents but supports four beer stores that manage to sell 11,000 cans of beer a day to their predominately Native American customer base . The reservation has a tribal membership of more than 35,000 people , according to the Oglala Lakota Nation website . Many of those who purchase beer in Whiteclay drink it there and return to the reservation drunk . Other times the beer is smuggled into the reservation . If the vote holds up and the ban is lifted , the tribe would be able to establish its own beer stores on the reservation . Eagle Bull says each district would house one store -- operated by the tribe -- with profits going toward alcohol rehabilitation facilities . In the long term , Eagle Bull said , stores on the reservation could eventually shut down the Whiteclay operations .	The Pine Ridge Indian Reservation in South Dakota votes to lift an alcohol ban The decades-old ban stirs debate among members of the Oglala Sioux tribe If the ban is lifted , stores can open on the reservation , taking business from a nearby town
CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , distressed over a call to attack the hotel where Ivory Coast 's president-elect and U.N. security forces are based , said Thursday that the forces are "  authorized to use all necessary means to protect its personnel " and any others at the location . "  Any attack against peacekeepers constitutes a crime under international law , for which the perpetrators and those who instigate them will be held accountable , " Ban said . A spokesman for Alassane Ouattara , declared the winner in a November 28 runoff election , brushed off the threats to attack the hotel . "  I do n't see anyone taking this hotel by any means , " Patrick Achi told CNN . "  So really I 'm not taking  this  seriously . " Tensions have been mounting in the West African nation for more than a month after the disputed presidential election . World leaders have urged self-declared President Laurent Gbagbo to cede power in favor of Alassane Ouattara , who is considered the rightful winner of last month 's poll . Read about how the stalemate is rooted in deep divisions Expressing his concern about "  the deteriorating situation in Cote d'Ivoire , " Ban said he was "  deeply alarmed " to learn of the call by supporters of Gbagbo to attack the U.N.-protected Golf Hotel in Abidjan , where Ouattara has his headquarters . Youth and employment minister Charles Ble Goude said on state television RTI Wednesday that supporters should "  liberate this place with your bare hands " after January 1 . In the broadcast , the minister said Ouattara supporters were calling for international intervention in the political standoff . Ban said the U.N. Operation in Ivory Coast has a "  significant number of military and police personnel deployed to provide security for the Government of Cote d'Ivoire and key political stakeholders " as part of its mandate from Security Council resolution 1962  2010  . "  Any attack on the Golf Hotel could provoke widespread violence that could reignite civil war , " said Ban , calling on people "  contemplating participation in the attack to refrain from such dangerous irresponsible action . " He urged Ivorians to "  contribute instead to the restoration of lasting stability and democracy in their country . " Meanwhile , the nation 's new ambassador to the United Nations warned that the country is "  on the brink of genocide , " citing the more than 170 deaths that came in the violent aftermath of the election . Youssoufou Bamba , Ouattara 's newly appointed ambassador , said Ouattara is concerned about the human rights violations following the elections . "  As you know , there is a massive violation of human rights ... 172 people killed only because they want to demonstrate , they want to speak out , they want to defend the will of the people , " the ambassador told United Nations officials Wednesday . "  We think it 's unacceptable . Thus , one of the messages I try to get across during the conversations I have conducted so far , is to tell we are on the brink of genocide , " said Bamba , whose credentials were accepted by Ban on Wednesday . Bamba later elaborated on his comments , telling CNN by phone that he is worried about the killing of Ouattara partisans and saying he had heard reports of homes being "  marked " in areas where they live . The Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court defines genocide as the intent to destroy national , ethnic , racial or religious groups , but the targeting of political entities are also included in some generic definitions of the word . Francis Deng , special adviser of the U.N. secretary-general on the prevention of genocide , and Edward Luck , the special adviser of the secretary-general who focuses on the responsibility to protect , said some leaders in the country are stoking violence between different elements of the population for political purposes . "  Given the history of internal conflict in Cote d'Ivoire , " they warned , "  such actions are highly irresponsible . " They cited unconfirmed reports that Gbagbo and forces under his control are using inflammatory speech to spark hatred . Deng cited "  extremely worrying " allegations that the Abidjan homes of Gbagbo 's political opponents had been marked to identify their ethnicity . Luck cited the 2005 World Summit Outcome Document , in which heads of state promised to protect people in the countries from genocide , war crimes , ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity . "  This responsibility entails the prevention of these crimes , importantly including their incitement , " he said . "  We would like to remind all parties in Cote d'Ivoire , as the secretary-general did in his statement of two weeks ago , of this solemn commitment and of the fact that they are accountable for their actions under international law . " The international community -- including the United States , the United Nations , the African Union and the European Union -- recognize Ouattara as the president-elect of Ivory Coast . The endorsement is based on the results of a November runoff election certified by the country 's Independent Electoral Commission and international observers . The country 's Constitutional Council -- whose members were all appointed by Gbagbo -- invalidated the results , citing reports of voting irregularities in some parts of the country , and declared the incumbent president the winner . Earlier Wednesday , Presidents Yayi Boni of Benin , Ernest Bai Koroma of Sierra Leone and Pedro Pires of Cape Verde met with President Goodluck Jonathan of Nigeria , who chairs the Economic Community of West African States  ECOWAS  , a spokesman for the group told CNN . Details of their talks were not immediately available . The three presidents traveled to Ivory Coast earlier this week , but failed to persuade Gbagbo to step down . ECOWAS has threatened military intervention . The political stalemate has led to violence , with scores of people killed in violence in the aftermath of the vote . The U.S. State Department has ordered the departure of family members and nonemergency personnel at the U.S. Embassy in Abidjan . Also Wednesday , a onetime aide to former U.S. President Bill Clinton resigned as Gbagbo 's attorney , saying in a letter to Ivory Coast Ambassador Charles Koffee that efforts to arrange a phone call between Gbagbo and U.S. President Barack Obama had been thwarted by unidentified officials in Gbagbo 's government . Lanny Davis , who served as special counsel to Clinton , said he had urged Gbagbo to invite "  an independent international investigation of his claims of electoral fraud and violence , and to respect the results of that review , as a path to the peaceful and mediated resolution of this crisis . " The proposed phone call from Obama , which Davis said was being arranged by a senior State Department official , would have presented Gbagbo "  with options for a peaceful resolution , that would avoid further bloodshed and be in the best interests of his country and the people of the Ivory Coast , " according to the letter by Davis . "  Unfortunately , as you know , the decision was made in Abidjan not to allow President Obama 's call to be put through to Mr. Gbagbo , despite my repeated objections to that decision , " Davis wrote in the letter . "  Nor have I been able to reach Mr. Gbagbo directly myself to offer him this advice , despite repeated requests , as recently as the last twenty-four hours . " Davis ' letter said he would continue pushing for a peaceful resolution . Earlier , French Foreign Ministry spokesman Bernard Valero told reporters in Paris that only ambassadors sent with the approval of Ouattara would be recognized by European Union countries . Gbagbo 's government has threatened to expel ambassadors of countries that recognize Ouattara 's appointees , according to spokesman Ahoua Don Melo . More than 15,000 refugees have fled for neighboring Liberia amid the standoff , according to the U.N. High Commissioner on Refugees . CNN 's Moni Basu , Alanne Orjoux , Jill Dougherty , Elise Labott , Richard Roth and journalist Eric Agnero contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. secretary-general describes the situation as "  deteriorating " Scores of people killed in violence following disputed runoff election Self-declared President Laurent Gbagbo is urged to cede power World leaders consider Alassane Ouattara the rightful winner
CNN  -- Two sailors from a ship that capsized in the Irish Sea in gale-forced winds were rescued "  in reasonable condition " Sunday while five remained missing , the British coast guard said . The body of an eighth sailor was recovered , the coast guard said . After a daylong search in rough seas , the British coast guard ended the effort to find the five missing men as darkness fell , according to a coast guard press officer . "  Today at roughly 16:45 GMT  11:45 a.m. ET  , a decision was made by the coast guard to call off the search and rescue mission for the five remaining missing sailors in the Irish Sea , " press officer Jo Groenenberg told CNN . A Ministry of Defence spokesman earlier confirmed to CNN that Prince William was the co-pilot of the helicopter that plucked the two rescued sailors from a life raft . The crew of the Swanland sent out a mayday call about 2 a.m. local time , saying the ship was caught in strong winds and had a cracked hull , the coast guard 's press office said . A few ships responded , but the Swanland had capsized by the time they got there , the office said . The coast guard dispatched two helicopters , including one from RAF Valley base , where Prince William is a search-and-rescue pilot . The helicopter pulled two men from the water . A coast guard spokesman later said the two -- who included the ship 's second officer -- were in "  reasonable condition " after the helicopter had carried them to the military base .	The British coast guard calls off a search for five missing sailors Two rescued sailors are "  in reasonable condition ; " a third is in unknown condition The ship capsized in gale-force winds Prince William was co-pilot of a rescue helicopter
Los Angeles  CNN  -- She 's not gon na make it . We give her 24 hours . Apryl Brown remembers lying on the hospital bed as the doctor uttered those words . A sense of relief came over her . "  I did n't think about losing my children . I did n't think about leaving my mother , " she said . She thought instead of how death would feel . "  Although I will be dead , I will not be in pain anymore . " That searing pain came from an unimaginable source : a silicone filler , like the one Brown assumed plastic surgeons use daily . Hers was injected into her buttocks , with the hope of improving her appearance . Brown never predicted the injections would land her here -- dying in a hospital bed in June 2010 . Her body was shutting down from a staph infection that doctors said was connected to the silicone injections . Her limbs were curling and turning black , the visible signs of necrosis . Brown recalled seeing her hands in the hospital , thinking , "  Oh , my God . I am going to lose my hands . I looked at my feet , and they were dead , too . " Doctors had no choice . To save Brown 's life , they amputated her hands , feet and the flesh around her buttocks and hips in 27 surgeries . Somehow , she survived . Brown is still embarrassed as she talks about the vanity that nearly cost her everything . Living a good life , except for a flat ` flaw ' At the time , she was a successful hair stylist and owned a salon . When she was n't at her shop , she was busy raising two daughters . Life was good . But Brown always wanted to fix what she saw as her "  flaw . " Ever since she was a little girl growing up in Florida , Brown remembers being teased about having a flat butt . Growing up , she always wanted a fuller posterior and even had a mantra , "  When I get me some money , I am going to get me some butt . " In 2004 , while she was working on a new client 's hair , she got her chance . The client happened to mention she did silicone injections cheaply . With a few sessions , she told Brown , she could obtain the shape she had always wanted . Brown was sold . A week later , she found herself in a house lying down in a bedroom receiving her first of four injections into her butt cheeks . Following her second treatment , Brown remembers doubting her decision . "  A voice just came to me like , ` What are you doing ? Are you serious ? You are going to allow somebody to inject something into your body and you have no idea what it is . ' " Brown decided that day to stop doing the treatments and never went back . The true cost of the injections would come later , following years of pain and visits with doctors . Brown 's story may be severe , but she is part of what the American Society of Plastic Surgeons calls a growing problem : patients bypassing doctors just to save some money on basic medical procedures . "  I think that 's awfully seductive to a person who does n't know there 's a problem , " said Dr. Richard Glogau , a clinical professor of dermatology at the University of California , San Francisco . He says he is seeing a disturbing trend , as patients turn to plastic surgeons such as him after getting botched facial filler injections . The injections are used to smooth out facial lines . Some of the patients Glogau sees have traveled out of country and had these cosmetic procedures done cheaply . Others are purchasing cosmetic fillers from websites and self-injecting these dermal fillers into their faces . Often , the patients have no idea what 's in the dermal filler , nor do they receive the procedure from a licensed medical professional . "  People assume it 's just as easy as getting your hair colored , and at the end of the day it 's a medical procedure , " Glogau said . Would-be patients need to know the facts In the United States , there are only 21 FDA approved dermal fillers . These must be administered by a medical provider or under the supervision of a physician . None of the FDA-approved dermal filler devices is approved for self-injection . There are hundreds of nonapproved dermal fillers available around the world . But Glogau cautions against having the procedure done out of country or trying to do it yourself . "  I would n't do it . I think you belong in a doctor 's office where a physician is supervising this and you can depend on where they have sourced the material . " As far as buying it online , Glogau says it 's easy for patients to take the leap . "  If we live in a world where you buy your Manolo Blahniks shoes at Neiman Marcus or you can buy them online at Zappos and it 's the same shoe , I think you 're expecting what you see on a website as full value and true . " One of his recent patients came to him after purchasing a non-FDA-approved dermal filler marketed on the Internet with just a credit card and a stroke of the keys . In a few days , the cosmetic filler she purchased from the website PMMA.com arrived postmarked from Brazil . She had her friend , who was a registered nurse , inject her face with the dermal filler . A week later , her cheeks started to react . Glogau says it appeared that there were "  red , angry nodules in the cheeks . " He had to surgically drain the area , which had "  lakes of pus under the skin , " and excise the material from her cheeks . After the surgery , Glogau had the material from her face tested . The UCSF dermatopathology results showed there was some type of "  refractile material " found in her cheeks . Glogau describes the material as low-grade "  glass or fiberglass . " The patient 's body was rejecting that material . After repeated attempts by CNN to contact PMMA.com for a comment about selling non-FDA-approved dermal fillers on its website , PMMA e-mailed , "  It has nothing to do with the product but the procedure . " Two days later , when CNN went to PMMA.com , all that appeared was a blank white screen and the words : "  Access denied . " Scars are a reminder of a bad decision While Glogau 's patient is on the road to recovery , she will always have some visible scars on her face . Glogau has a warning to people considering purchasing dermal fillers themselves . "  What we want to do is at least make the patients aware that there is a danger lurking for them out there , and they have to be careful , " says Glogau . Brown considers herself a living example of what happens when you 're not careful . She does n't hesitate to tell others about how she suffered in extreme pain for five long years after the silicone injections . She explains how she watched her buttocks harden and discolor , seeing doctor after doctor to try to get help . She lifts what 's left of her arms and explains what was actually injected in her buttocks . When her doctors tested the substance injected into her body , Brown says it was bathroom caulk . Brown does n't know what happened to the woman who injected her . At 47 , Brown has had to learn to do everything all over again with prosthetics . She is able to live on her own with the help of an aide who comes in to help her for a few hours a day . She does n't want pity ; she wants people to listen to her cautionary story . "  All I would ask them to do is , when you have that first thought , make sure they have a second thought about it and do a little research . And if they still want to do it , go for it . They wo n't be blindsided , saying , ` Oh , my God , I had no idea that a simple procedure like that can leave me with no hands , no feet and no butt cheeks . ' " Brown has a new mission in life to spread the word about what happened to her and a different mantra : "  We are enough and we were made to be enough . " Singer charged with murder in botched cosmetic procedure Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET . For the latest from Erin Burnett click here .	Apryl Brown almost died after getting cheap butt injections Some people are ordering cheap injections online and self-injecting FDA-approved dermal filler devices are not approved for self-injection
CNN  -- A hot night in Beirut and hipsters , dressed to kill , dance the night away . A DJ plays in a bar in Gemayzeh -- one of the few areas in Beirut where nightlife continues A few years ago this scene would have played out across the city . Now , soldiers line the pavements and night time revelers are more likely to hear the sporadic crack of gunshots than dance music beats . While trendy districts of Beirut like Gemayzeh are valiantly carrying on as usual , the nation 's critical political and economic situation is hard to ignore . "  The Lebanese have this vibrance for life , this addiction for life , and the people just really want to exclude themselves from the political scene , " Mazen Hajjar , owner of 961 Brewery . It is a devastating political scene culminating in the current parliamentary deadlock which has blocked the election of a new president and put the economy on ice . "  Our best export from the country is now exporting our highly educated young men and women . We are losing them at the rate of six to seven thousand a month , " said Fadi Abboud , President of the Association of Lebanese Industrialists . The Lebanese who have chosen to stay are uncertain and fearful of war . They are staying in and saving money in case the political situation deteriorates . In spite of the discouraging climate , young entrepreneur Mazen Hajjar is bucking the trend with his 961 micro-brewery . "  We 're doing very , very well , " he said , "  We 're looking very much like a lot of our counterparts to now start expanding internationally , " continued Hajjar . But then Hajjar is not short of nerve . He started 961 Brewery -- which is named after Lebanon 's international dialing code -- during the 2006 Hezbollah war with Israel . 961 Brewery is an example of the complicated economic situation in Lebanon where some industries thrive and others fail . Construction is another industry which is booming while others go bust . Fuelled by low interest rates and Gulf oil money , it is growing at around 30 to 40 percent a year . Fears of more sectarian violence and another war with Israel are ever present -- and they are the kiss of death for sensitive industries like tourism . The Lebanese are renowned for their love of a good time and Beirut 's club scene used to attract tourists and partygoers from all over the region . Tourists from Kuwait and Bahrain used to spend as much money on Lebanon 's ski slopes in the winter as on its beaches in summer . But recently their governments advised tourists not to travel there . Saudi Arabia , Lebanon 's main bankroller , has also warned its citizens to steer clear of the unstable country . Shopkeepers are missing the custom of Saudis and Emiratis who are known for the extravagance of their purchases and hoteliers have noticed a big drop in occupancy rates . According to the General Union of Arab Chambers of Commerce , losses in the Lebanese tourism sector over the past two and a half years have run to $ 2.2 bn . Lebanon 's beleaguered industrialists have also been hit hard by the political turmoil . They claim they are being ruined by high , unsubsidized energy costs and war damage . This has meant factories have closed and workers laid off . "  We are the Phoenicans for God 's sake . We invented glass . It is now not commercial to produce glass , ceramics , plastics , building materials and bricks . All intensive energy industries are suffering and they have no future , " Abboud told CNN . Criticisms have been leveled at the Greater Arab Free Trade Area  GAFTA  for failing to put any measures in place to support Lebanon during this time . The complicated nature of Lebanon 's economic situation means that relief is coming from an unexpected source -- the country 's huge diaspora . Lack of stability may be keeping the expatriate population from returning home but it does n't stop them from sending back money -- roughly $ 6 bn a year which makes up around a quarter of the country 's GDP . This money can not keep the economy afloat indefinitely and the political problems must be solved before any long-term solutions can be found to the economic issues . Nicholas Chammas , an eminent strategy consultant based in the country thinks Lebanon must rethink even more radically than that . "  We can not defy gravity indefinitely . Lebanon has to go back to basics . We can not function as we used to do before the war , or even 10 years ago . We have to change gears . We have to reinvent the Lebanese economy . " E-mail to a friend	Lebanon is famous for its nightlife but political deadlock is wrecking the sector Uncertainty is discouraging tourists but real estate and construction are growing It is all part of Lebanon 's complex economic landscape -- neither boom nor bust What can Lebanon do to solve its political problems and get ailing sectors off ice
CNN  -- Jakadrien Turner 's lies last year to authorities in Texas -- including adopting an alter ego and claiming she was from Colombia -- set off a harrowing journey that , according to posts on a Facebook page featuring photographs of her , she seemed to later regret . By Friday , the troubled teenager was finally back in the United States , after being arrested and then deported to a country that she 'd never been in before . It was a months-long escapade that has her family asking questions about how she got to the South American nation and what happened to her while there . Jakadrien 's journey began April 2 , 2011 , in a Houston , Texas , shopping mall where the 15-year-old was arrested for shoplifting a white shirt , black vest and jeans . It was a petty crime that turned out to be the first step in her changing her identity . Houston police , according to documents obtained by CNN , show that Turner told authorities that her name was 21-year-old Tika Lanay Cortez and that she was a citizen of Colombia . She listed her address as a home just north of downtown Houston . A judge assigned Houston attorney William McLellan to represent the woman then known as Tika Cortez on the misdemeanor theft charge . The case was resolved in one day , after she pleaded guilty and was sentenced to time served . She was then handed over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents . Deported Texas teen arrives back in U.S. McLellan said he never saw any signs that his client was a teenage runaway from Dallas , and not from Colombia as she indicated . "  She did n't make any attempts and cry out that I 'm not an illegal immigrant or anything like that , " McLellan told CNN . "  You would remember someone saying that 's not me . " The lawyer said , eight months later , he now believes "  she knew what she was doing " -- even if he is hard-pressed to explain why . Whatever her thinking , Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents say Jakadrien Turner continued to play the role of "  Tika Cortez " during the next two months . Federal immigration officials say they 're "  still investigating this matter in order to expeditiously determine the facts of this case . " The attorney representing the Turner family said that the U.S. government is to blame , not the girl , for her deportation . "  I do n't buy that she had the wherewithal to be able to bamboozle the government , " Ray Jackson says . "  You know , kids are scared when they get around authorities . ... To think that you could bamboozle them to create a new identity , it just does n't make sense . " A U.S. immigration official -- who was not able to speak for attribution , because the investigation is ongoing -- said that that the girl then known as Tika Cortez waived her right to an immigration attorney and did not fight deportation proceedings . According to U.S. immigration officials , they 'd never come across anyone by the name Tika Cortez . Her fingerprints did not match anyone in law enforcement databases , nor was there a match for the name Jakadrien Turner . And the background check "  revealed no information to invalidate her claims , " the officials said . Colombian government officials then interviewed Jakadrien and issued her the needed travel documents and "  full Colombian citizenship , " according to the U.S. immigration officials . That meant that , six months after running away from her Dallas home , the 15-year-old girl was on her way to Colombia -- for the first time in her life . She arrived in Bogota on May 23 , according to the Colombian government . What exactly happened , once she arrived in the South American nation , is unclear . Dana Ames has been advising the Turner family in the search for Jakadrien for almost a year in her capacity as the director of the United Response Search and Rescue Team , a non-profit agency that helps families find missing loved ones . She and members of Jakadrien 's family say that various internet postings they discovered show that two Colombian men befriended the runaway teenager and they spent a lot of time together during her time in Houston . "  So you think it 's a coincidence she came up with a Colombian name and said she was from Colombia ? " said Ames . "  Otherwise she is absolutely the smartest , most creative 15-year-old child I know of . I ca n't wrap my brain around the idea that she did this all on her own . " After arriving in Colombia , a Facebook page and Twitter feed arose tied to someone using her adopted moniker , Tika Cortez . If the postings were indeed written by the runaway teen , they offer a glimpse into the tormented troubles of a lost teenager . The writer claims to be from Bridgetown , Barbados , and studied at Texas Southern University , neither of which are true of Jakadrien Turner . The writings also indicate that their author spent some time working in a telephone call center and as a maid in Bogota . But the most dominant theme of the Facebook posts , which went up between June and November of last year , is that the person identified as Tika Cortez is "  BORED AS HELL . " The writer also talks about smoking marijuana and being part of tortured and volatile relationships . A couple of times , the writer references her life back in the United States including : -- On May 25 : "  back home in Colombia got deported . . . really missed everyone in Houston ... " -- On August 12 : "  well was in jail , now I 'm free man am still feel like I 'm loke up in this country ... " -- And on June 30 : "  I 'm having to many problems in mi life , just found out I ca n't even go bak to the states in another 5 years ... " Only once does the writer appear to cryptically allude to the journey that landed her in Colombia . That came on a July 28 Facebook post that reads , "  I 'm f**king tired I just want a f**king time machine , and rewind all the bull ** it I did wrong man OMG . . I 'm never going to be happy here . " The tone is far different in a more recent post from October , one month before Colombian authorities took Jakadrien into custody . It includes a series of pictures uploaded under the banner , "  familia , me happy 4 once in the mountains . " For Jakadrien Turner 's grandmother , who spent months monitoring these Facebook postings , this was difficult to read . Still , she told CNN that , despite it all , she is grateful that her granddaughter is alive . "  I always feared she would be killed , " Lorene Turner said . Now , the teenage girl is back home in Texas -- alive in a place she has n't been in over a year , near her family .	Jakadrien Turner told police that she was from Colombia after being arrested She created an alter ego and did n't fight her deportation , a U.S. official says In fact , she was a 15-year-old runaway teenager from Dallas
CNN  -- Space shuttle Discovery launched early Monday to deliver spare parts and science experiments to the international space station . Discovery launched at 6:21 a.m. ET from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida Discovery , with its crew of seven astronauts , is carrying supplies and science equipment for the international space station 's laboratories . The 13-day mission includes three planned spacewalks , replacing an ammonia tank assembly and retrieving a Japanese experiment from the station 's exterior . Discovery is scheduled to arrive at the space station on Wednesday , and return to Earth on April 18 at 8:35 a.m. ET . After this mission , there are only three shuttle missions remaining before the space shuttle fleet is retired . iReport : Did you watch the launch ? Share your photos and video NASA said Discovery 's mission will mark the first time four women have been in space at one time : Three women -- mission specialists Stephanie Wilson , Dorothy Metcalf-Lindenburger and Naoko Yamazaki -- comprise part of the Discovery 's crew , while NASA astronaut Tracy Caldwell Dyson is already at the space station . The launch comes three days after Russian spacecraft Soyuz TMA-18 , carrying Dyson and Russian cosmonauts Alexander Skvortsov and Mikhail Kornienko , blasted off to the International Space Station from a Kazakhstan facility . The space station , which orbits the Earth at a height of some 250 miles , is due to be finished next year and is about 90 percent complete .	Discovery launches on mission to international space station Shuttle is carrying supplies , equipment to the space station Three spacewalks planned during 13-day mission Marks first time four women have been in space at one time
CNN  -- If you 've ever wished your GPS had a sense of humor , Waze has a solution . The crowd-sourced traffic and navigation app announced a new partnership with Universal Pictures to introduce a celebrity voice navigation feature . Comedian Kevin Hart will be the first to voice turn-by-turn directions in the app . SEE ALSO : 5 Technologies That Are Changing the Way We Drive Waze , which offers voice-guided GPS navigation gleaned from users who share real-time traffic information , now gives users the option to replace the generic voice with a celebrity 's . Hart 's voice is currently available in the app , but the company has n't announced which other famous co-pilots will be available to users in the future . "  His signature voice and humor made him the perfect celebrity voice guide for Waze , " Doug Neil , executive vice president of digital marketing at Universal Pictures , said in a statement . Waze promoted the new feature with a YouTube video featuring Hart , where he spoofs traditional GPS navigation systems . "  I need you to take the third exit . Wait , wait , wait . Wait . Okay , yeah . The third exit , " he says when commanding a user to use a roundabout . Waze is free , and available on both iOS and Android . See the original story on Mashable . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Waze , the navigation app , inks deal with Universal Pictures to add celebrity voices Comedian Kevin Hart will be the first to voice turn-by-turn directions in the app Waze has n't announced which other famous voices will be available
CNN  -- J.K Rowling has recast her "  Harry Potter " magic and reportedly brought Dumblebore back to life . A spokesperson for the author confirms Rowling sent a letter and a package to a Texas teenager who optimistically found strength in the words of a "  Harry Potter " film after witnessing the murder of her immediate family . Fifteen-year-old Cassidy Stay lost both parents and four siblings to a gunman in Texas last month . Cassidy was shot in the head and survived the gunshot wound only because she played dead . Authorities have called her survival a miracle . Cassidy had seen the unimaginable , but was still thinking about happiness . At a memorial for her family , Cassidy gave a speech in front of media saying she believed her family was "  in much a better place . " Quoting the words of Dumbledore , the wise headmaster of Hogwarts , she said "  Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times , if one only remembers to turn on the light . " Sole survivor in Texas shooting looks for hope amid her horror The same day Cassidy gave her speech , a Facebook page called "  We want JK Rowling to meet Cassidy Stay " formed and quickly gained traction . While the group page acknowledges that Cassidy is not a follower of the page , the creator claims to know a friend of Cassidy 's who "  confirmed that JK Rowling did , in fact , write her a personalized letter from ` Dumbledore '  hand-written with purple ink  . She was also sent a wand , an acceptance letter to Hogwarts with a school supply list , along with the 3rd book with JK 's autograph " the group post said . Rowling 's spokesperson told CNN : "  We can confirm that J.K. Rowling sent Cassidy Stay a letter and package , but the contents of the letter and how it came about are private and between her and Cassidy . We 're not commenting any further on the letter or what it contained . " ` Harry Potter ' returns in a J.K. Rowling short story J.K. Rowling 's ` The Cuckoo 's Calling ' sequel announced	Stay had quoted Dumbledore at memorial She is the sole survivor of her family tragedy Rowling sent a care package including a wand and an autographed book
CNN  -- The evolving life , face and story of Aesha , disfigured by the Taliban and featured on the August 2010 cover of Time magazine , has captivated audiences around the world . CNN has been following her for close to two years and , earlier this week , updated readers on how she is doing both physically and emotionally . We shared exclusive photographs of what she looked like before her latest surgery . Monday 's procedure , the fourth in a series to reconstruct her nose , lasted about 9Â 1/2 hours and went smoothly , said Mati Arsala , who 's become a father figure to Aesha Mohammadzai . Doctors at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center in Bethesda , Maryland , where she 's being treated , will not discuss her case . The reactions to the latest story about Aesha poured in -- both in the story 's comments section and by way of e-mail -- even as the world 's eyes remained trained on Friday 's mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut . "  This girl has more courage than all the fanatics that hurt her will ever have , " wrote akmac61 . "  Aesha you are a beautiful woman , wishing you the best ! A whole new great life is ahead just for you , better things are coming , " said tr0j4n . "  I am speechless , no words can express the depth of my feeling for this beautiful lady . I salute your courage in the face of illiteracy and extremism , " added ProsNCons . Some readers wrote with special offerings for Aesha and the family caring for her . An e-learning company in Canada wants to help with her education . The owner of a bed and breakfast in West Virginia would like to treat them to a weekend getaway . A woman in Texas encouraged Aesha to open a Web-store , perhaps on Etsy , to sell her jewelry . Many others wrote with promises of prayers and extensions of love . As is so often the case when CNN mentions Afghanistan or simply the Muslim world , there were inevitably readers who took this opportunity to attack that faith . But more readers pushed back , perhaps hinting at decreased tolerance for such prejudices . There was also a fresh perspective brought on by the tragedy in Newtown , Connecticut . "  I guess in the Taliban , everybody with a twisted opinion gets to play God , " wrote onaturalia . "  and unfortunately some in the US , " responded are122 . "  Exactly , and they are not all Muslims , " said Rollins . Further down in the comments , Tina Mantooth added , "  I agree 100 % . Islam does n't teach hate . " "  Then why do Muslims do so many inhumane things ? " asked swarm4 . "  Was Adam Lanza a Muslim ? No , " answered Elhaba Wackadoodle . "  Inhumane things are inherent in all humans . Some just act on them while the rest of us do n't . " Some , who wrote to me directly , shared that the story about Aesha was a salve for the sadness that had befallen the country . "  It was especially nice to read after the horrors of Newtown , " wrote one person . "  It did my soul some good to read such a hopeful story and to learn about the Arsalas ' kindness and good will at a time like this , when everything seems pretty dark in the U.S. , " wrote another . "  In a time filled with tragedy and sorrow , thank you for an uplifting and positive article , " wrote a third . A couple of readers seemed bent on offending Aesha , those who care for her and pretty much everyone else , by making comments directed at her looks -- as if she had any control over them . But plenty of readers stood up for her , including lxNay , who wrote , "  She will be beautiful again . The surgery will repair her mutilations , but nothing can repair the ugliness displayed by some posters here . Stupid ca n't be fixed . " Some readers wondered why the country would help her instead of others . "  Who is paying for the surgery ? Do n't you think there are enough disfugured  sic  citizens in this country who needs  sic  more attention ? " asked Jayjay . In response , iPostEyeAm wrote , "  You misspelled ' I need a heart implant . ' " A handful of readers latched onto information in the story about how Jamila Rasouli-Arsala , Aesha 's mother figure and a former OB-GYN in Germany , is struggling to find her way in America 's medical community . If she wants to practice medicine here , she must start over in a residency program -- and so far she 's had no luck getting into one . If she ca n't , the whole family , Aesha included , may end up moving to Germany . "  Concerning Jamila 's plight , one has to ask what is going on in the U.S. concerning attracting and keeping good doctors , " wrote bob . "  From what I am hearing , the U.S. does n't sound like a land of opportunity but instead a country representing endless bureaucratic roadblocks , dogma and special interests . " Answered FBreen : "  Until there is an international standard for medical education and training , I am happy that such requirements exist . " There were lessons that readers from across the globe took away from the piece . A reader in Poland , who previously had not felt connected to Aesha 's story , wrote , "  It is the right thing to shout it to the world , to make clear there is no acceptance to barbarism and abuse . " Added a writer from Nigeria : "  Am very happy the way you Americans are helping people all over the world . " And then there was this one , from a young woman who saw in Aesha 's story something she knows too well . "  This is Anika from miles away , Bangladesh . I read your story on Aesha early this morning on the CNN website and it overwhelmed me with emotions I usually try to bury . I am 22 too like her and part of a society that may not bruise my body but wounds my soul and self confidence everyday . Stories like Aesha 's inspire us , girls , struggling to live a normal and deserved life . " Whether she knows it or not , whether she means to or not , Aesha is making a difference .	Aesha 's face and story have captivated readers across the world Readers speak of her beauty , her bravery and how she 's inspired them Her story offers uplifting message amid sadness of Connecticut shootings
CNN  -- Tayna Fogle sat just behind Sen. Rand Paul , nodding her head and listening as he pressed the case with Kentucky state senators to restore felon voting rights . "  Kids do make mistakes . White kids make mistakes . Black kids make mistakes . Brown kids make mistakes , " Paul told the Kentucky state Senate committee considering a constitutional amendment to restore the voting rights of some felons on Wednesday . "  But when you look at the prison population , three out of the four people in prison are black or brown . " Fogle whispered : "  Good for you . I 'm glad someone is speaking up . " She felt as if he was narrating her life . In 1991 , the former University of Kentucky basketball team captain received a 10-year sentence for crack cocaine possession . Since her release , she has been unable to vote . "  I remember when my mom showed me how to vote for the very first time . I remember watching the movies of my ancestors getting mauled by dogs and water hoses , " Fogle said , her voice cracking a bit . "  It changed my life completely . I was an embarrassment to my family . My community . " "  I 'm not making any excuses for my behavior . Should I have gotten a 10-year sentence ? Yes , I should have . Have I served my time ? Yes , I have . " Holder calls for restoring ex-cons ' voting rights The issue of restoring felon voting rights has made for some unusual alliances as former felons , like Fogle , see in lawmakers like Paul , a tea party-backed Republican , a champion . Nationally , about 5.8 million people are prohibited from voting because of current or previous felony convictions , according to Attorney Gen. Eric Holder . In the swing states of Florida and Virginia , one in five black adults is unable to vote because of these laws , according to Holder . In Paul 's home state of Kentucky , it 's also one in five . "  Somewhere along the line he gained a lot of knowledge , " Fogle said of Paul 's push to restore voting rights to nonviolent felons . "  He has seen the disenfranchisement , " said Fogle , a community organizer with Kentuckians for the Commonwealth , a nonprofit grassroots organization that has pushed to restore the voting rights of felons . One place where he notices that is west Louisville 's predominantly African-American neighborhoods , a community where Paul sticks out at the grassroots gatherings he 's attended . The potential 2016 presidential candidate has spent quite a bit of time over the past year in that area and at the Plymouth Community Renewal Center listening to black men vent frustration over not being able to vote after completing their prison terms for nonviolent crimes . Paul said he started thinking that this is exactly the type of issue that could help build a bridge between the Republican Party and African-American voters . "  It 's an important issue . When you look at who is being deprived of voting they are disproportionately people of color , " Paul told the state Senate panel . It is a lesson he says was brought home for him in real terms while hanging out in west Louisville . "  In the last six months or so , I 've been over to the Plymouth Community Center in the west side of Louisville and I met a lot of people there who are very smart , very bright , very articulate who told me they ca n't vote because  because they are felons  , " Paul said in a phone interview before the hearing . "  I 've become aware of the problem ... not just in regard to voting but also in terms of getting work . " Paul 's push to change laws he says disenfranchise black menâ $ " a longtime crusade of many civil rights organizations and minority lawmakersâ $ " echoes the slow evolution of the Republican Party following huge losses among African-American voters during the 2012 presidential election . Tough racial issues face GOP in minority outreach An internal autopsy of sorts conducted last year by the Republican National Committee revealed a wide gap between the party and African American voters . The GOP moved to try and fix the rift by beefing up outreach . "  We 've been improving our messaging because we need to , " said Orlando Watson , the RNC communications director for black media and a former Paul staffer . "  But we need to speak to how our messaging  improves the lives  of all Americans . " As the RNC was working on its messaging problem , potential presidential contenders such as Paul also began tentatively reaching out to minority voters . Paul 's speeches at historically black colleges Howard University in Washington and Simmons College in Louisville , among others have been met with mixed reviews . He was roiled for what some saw as a condescending tone in his questioning whether Howard students knew that the NAACP founders were Republican . But he also received kudos for just showing up . Last year , he was the first major Republican to speak at Howard since Colin Powell in 1994 . Efforts like Paul 's illustrate the delicate dance the GOP must undertake if it is to appeal to minority voters in a way that is sincere , said Andra Gillespie , an associate professor of political science at Emory University . "  If the policies are wrong and are n't framed in a way that is appealing to minorities they are going to be a hard sell to minorities , " she said . Paul may have just struck the right chord . During his lunch last week with Holder , Paul said he talked about their shared concerns about laws that disenfranchise black men , including mandatory minimum sentences for nonviolent crimes . Paul 's also crafting a federal measure that would restore voting rights for felons who committed nonviolent crimes . "  We have to convince people we do care , " Paul said during a phone interview of the GOP 's outreach to minorities . "  We do care about what is going on in areas of long-term poverty and long-term crime . " Currently , 11 states restrict or completely deny voting rights to prisoners even after they 've completed sentences , probation and parole . In Florida , for example , roughly 10 % of the population is banned from voting as a result of these laws . "  There 's a racial outcome in who 's incarcerated in our country , " Paul told the state senators . "  Not only is the incarceration unfair but they get out and their voting rights are impaired . " As for Fogle , who got a chance to meet Paul and take a picture with him , she points out that her son registered as a Republican by accident when he voted for the first time . She 's encouraged him to keep the party affiliation . "  I told him it did n't matter , " she said . "  As long as he voted . " A more diverse slate of Republican presidential possibles CNN 's Evan Perez contributed to this report .	Rand Paul and ex-con activists united on push to restore voting rights to some felons Paul 's efforts also help him make inroads among black voters Minorities disproportionately impacted by laws banning former felons from voting Swing states among those with largest numbers of ex felons banned from voting
The Venezuelan government says it is investigating allegations that unauthorized Brazilian gold miners killed dozens of Yanomami Indians in an attack in the Venezuelan Amazon . The announcement Wednesday followed calls for action this week by a Yanomami organization and other indigenous groups . The Venezuelan government said that two public officials had been asked to carry out the inquiry into the alleged attack from a helicopter . Survival International , a London-based organization that advocates tribal peoples ' rights worldwide , published online what it said was a declaration from a group of organizations representing indigenous peoples and communities in the Amazon about the alleged attack . The indigenous organization 's declaration said that the number of people killed had yet to be fully established , but that of about 80 Yanomami people who lived in the community , only three survivors had been found . The alleged attack on the community of Irotatheri in the Venezuelan municipality of Alto Orinoco , near the Brazilian border , is believed to have taken place in July . Survival said in its own report that information is only just beginning to emerge because of the remote location of the community . The Yanomami , who live in Venezuela and Brazil , are considered the largest indigenous group in the Americas that remains largely untouched by advances in the outside world . Anthropologists have described the tribe in a variety of ways , ranging from fierce warmongers to mystics to introspective intellectuals . In recent years , the tribe has been under increasing pressure as miners illegally entered their land in the search of profits . Miners in Brazil have transmitted diseases such as malaria and flu to the Yanomami , who have little resistance to such diseases , observers say . The site where the attack is alleged to have happened is a five-hour helicopter ride , or 15 days on foot , from Puerto Ayacucho , the main Venezuelan city in the Amazon , the government said . The harm caused to indigenous peoples and the environment by Brazilian gold miners working in the border area is a long-standing issue . The Brazilian police carried out an operation last month targeting miners operating on the Brazilian side of the border . In its report on the situation , Survival cited Yanomami people who had spoken to Indians who said they had seen burned bodies and bones in the area where the attack is alleged to have happened . One of the people it quoted , Luis Shatiwe Yanomami , a leader of the Yanomami organization Horonami , said he had been told that those who survived had been out hunting when the community 's communal house was set on fire . "  For three years we have been denouncing the situation , " Survival quoted him as saying . "  There are lots of gold miners working illegally in the forest . " Both Survival and the indigenous organizations referred to an attack in 1993 on the Yanomami community of Haximu in Brazil in which they said 16 Indians were killed . Several miners were subsequently convicted for their role in the attack , Survival said . The organizations called for a criminal investigation into the alleged attack in July , and for measures to clamp down on the illegal activities in the area . "  This is another appalling tragedy for the Yanomami -- heaping crime upon crime , " said Stephen Corry , director of Survival . "  All Amazonian governments must stop the rampant illegal mining , logging and settlement in indigenous territories . " Venezuela 's state-run refineries afflicted by mismanagement	Venezuela has appointed two public officials to look into the allegations Indigenous groups say only three survivors have been found from a community of about 80 Harm caused by Brazilian gold miners in the Amazon region is a long-standing issue The attack is alleged to have happened in July , but information is only now emerging
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration is leaving the door open to a possible expansion of the U.S. military mission in Syria , with the possibility of targeting not just ISIS but also al Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra . While there are no active U.S. military plans for airstrikes against al-Nusra targets in Syria , neither the Pentagon nor the White House has rejected that idea as a possible future option , a senior U.S. official tells CNN . "  Nothing is off the table completely , " the official said . The possibility of strikes against al-Nusra -- the al Qaeda affiliate in Syria -- was first reported by the Washington Post . Senior U.S. military officials are making it clear the Pentagon is not anxious to undertake such strikes , knowing it would legitimately be seen as so-called mission creep , the official said . When asked by CNN 's Jim Acosta , White House press secretary Josh Earnest seemed to leave the door open , however . "  The United States remains concerned about all threats emanating from Syria , including the threat that 's posed from by the Nusra Front . That 's driven by the fact that ... the Nusra Front has been public in threatening the West , " Earnest said Tuesday . "  But what we will continue to do here in the United States is to work closely with our coalition partners to take strikes in Syria that are focused principally on denying a safe haven to those extremists and organizations that are seeking to do harm to the United States of America or our allies . " Hagel wrote memo to White House criticizing Syria strategy Striking al-Nusra would have the goal of pushing back its advances against moderate Syrian rebels who the United States is backing in the fight against ISIS . The Pentagon has repeatedly said it sees the U.S. military priority as striking ISIS in both Syria and Iraq with the goal of ensuring Iraq does not fall to ISIS control . But getting Syrian opposition into fighting shape to challenge ISIS has been a slow and complicated process due to the need to verify the security credentials of Syrian fighters going through the program . More than four months after announcing an effort to train and equip the moderate Syrian opposition , the U.S. military has yet to vet a single Syrian rebel to fight ISIS on the ground . "  There 's progress in setting up curriculum , there 's progress in getting the sites ready , there 's progress in getting trainers contributed to the effort -- not just from the United States but from other nations , " Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said Tuesday . "  But the vetting progress has not begun yet . Kirby added that the program "  has not been completely codified , " but did not go into detail on how or when that process might unfold . The idea of mounting a train-and-equip program for the moderate opposition was first floated over a year ago , in the aftermath of revelations that the Assad regime used chemical weapons against Syrian civilians . But it was not until June of this year , when the terror group ISIS started making significant territorial gains in Iraq , that the Obama administration backed the plan , asking Congress for $ 500 million to "  train and equip appropriately vetted elements of the moderate Syrian armed opposition . " Opinion : What would Reagan do ? Prior to that , the U.S. had been providing nonlethal material and light weapons to the moderate opposition . The effort is part of a $ 1.5 billion initiative the United States is undertaking with a number of regional partners . Kirby also told reporters that the U.S. military is making significant progress in its overall efforts to degrade and destroy ISIS . In particular , Kirby said , the Iraqi army is making meaningful territorial gains with help from U.S. advisers , and U.S.-led efforts are helping disrupt the group 's revenue and degraded its ability to maneuver , communicate and operate inside Iraq . "  Nobody is saying that it 's over . There 's a long way to go here , " Kirby cautioned . "  But they 've definitely felt ... the full weight of the pressure that 's being put on them . "	An expanded mission could target not just ISIS but also al Qaeda-affiliated Jabhat al-Nusra "  Nothing is off the table completely , " a senior U.S. official tells CNN Military officials make it clear the Pentagon is not anxious to undertake such strikes Such expansion likely would be seen as "  mission creep "
Antalya , Turkey  CNN  -- Hundreds of activists at a meeting in Turkey titled "  Conference for Change in Syria " issued a declaration Thursday calling on President Bashar al-Assad to step down and hand power to his vice president , with the goal of then organizing democratic elections . The opposition gathering also declared its support for the "  Revolution in Syria , " and elected a 31-member council aimed at assisting the protest movement in Syria . For the last two days , the activists from Syria and international diaspora have gathered in the conference rooms and lobbies of a hotel in this Turkish beach resort , to plot ways to support the bloody revolution in Syria . There are signs the gathering is worrying the regime in Damascus , which has deployed tanks and soldiers in a bloody attempt to crush a tenacious protest movement . On Thursday , as activists busied themselves in workshops on social networking and the drafting of a final declaration , dozens of pro-regime supporters gathered outside the hotel wearing T-shirts emblazoned with the portrait of Syrian al-Assad . "  We love Bashar , " they chanted . Tareq Salhab , a dentist who traveled from the coastal Syrian city of Latikiya to Antalya on Thursday , accused anti-regime demonstrators in Syria and the activists in the opposition conference in Turkey of being "  terrorists " and "  traitors . " "  You have to go to Damascus and Homs and Latakiya to see the democracy in Syria , " Salhab said , listing Syrian cities . Syrian authorities have denied all CNN requests for journalist visas since last February . Meanwhile , human rights groups report more than 800 people have been killed in the government crackdown and more than 10,000 people detained . Turkish police were out in force in Antalya , ensuring that several hundred pro-government demonstrators could not reach the opposition conference venue . "  This conference is a hard message to the Syrian regime , " said Omar al Muqdad , a human rights activist from the Syrian town of Dara'a , which has become the symbol of defiance against the al-Assad family , which has ruled Syria for four decades . "  They  the Syrian regime  sent these people here to protest outside this hotel . That means our message , they got it , " al Muqdad said . "  What would post-Assad Syria look like ? That 's the $ 50 million question , " said Amr Al-Azm , a Syrian-American history professor from Shawnee State University in Ohio . "  We 've been able to begin to address what the alternative would like like ... we 've provided a road map , " Al-Azm said . Al-Azm helped draft the conference 's final communique , which has yet to be released . He is an unlikely revolutionary though . Until last March , Al-Azm was a senior consultant on a project headed by Bashar al-Assad 's wife , Asma , aimed at reforming Syria 's culture ministry . "  What changed for me was the violence , the unprecedented level of violence that seemed random and almost uncontrolled , " Al-Azm said . "  There are people that I actually know that have had their fingernails pulled out . " Conference organizers say their main goals are to organize committees aimed at supporting protesters inside Syria , communicating with the media , and lobbying foreign governments . Their aim , they say , is to help unite the opposition both inside and outside Syria .	NEW : Syrian activists issue a declaration telling President Bashar al-Assad to step down The activists are meeting in Turkey in support of the Syrian opposition Dozens of pro-regime Syrians show up in support of al-Assad Al-Assad 's regime sent the pro-government group , an opposition activist says
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova produced a powerful performance to defeat world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka in the final of the WTA clay-court event in Stuttgart on Sunday . The Russian took just 84 minutes to blow the Belarusian off court in straight sets 6-1 6-4 and claim her first title of 2012 and the 25th of her career . Azarenka was n't at her best and needed treatment for a wrist injury in the first set , but Sharapova showed no mercy ramming home the advantage and closing out the set in 30 minutes . The reigning Australian Open champion was more resolute in the second but a break of serve for Sharapova in the seventh game enabled her to go on and take the match without hindrance . "  I am just happy to win , it 's a good tournament with very good players . It 's a shame she was injured and could n't play her normal game . I am just happy to have won the tournament , " the world No. 2 said afterwards . "  I came to Europe a bit earlier than normal before the French Open and was just going to use this tournament as a warm-up , but it works for me . " The win was revenge for Sharapova who lost to Azarenka in the Australian Open final in January and more recently in the final of the Indian Wells tournament in California . Azarenka said her wrist had been troubling her all week but was n't looking for excuses in defeat . "  Congratulations to Maria , she 's had a good week here . I am disappointed , of course , but I had a good week here as well and I am looking forward to coming back next year , " Azarenka said . Sharapova takes home a cheque for $ 115,000 and a new sports car .	Maria Sharapova powers past world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka to win WTA clay-court tournament in Stuttgart Azarenka troubled by a wrist injury was no match for the Russian who claims her first title of 2012
CNN  -- Four of O.J. Simpson 's accomplices in the 2007 robbery at a Las Vegas hotel were given suspended sentences Tuesday by Nevada District Judge Jackie Glass . District Court Judge Jackie Glass sentenced four O.J. Simpson codefendants to probation on Tuesday . The four -- Charles Cashmore , Charles Erlich , Michael McClinton and Walter Alexander -- all turned on Simpson and cooperated in the case against him . Simpson was sentenced last week to at least nine and as many as 33 years in prison in the case . Glass called him "  arrogant " and "  ignorant . " Before announcing the suspended sentences Tuesday , Glass said the actions of Cashmore , Erlich , McClinton and Alexander were "  stupid but also criminal " when they accompanied the former football star to the Palace Station Hotel and Casino on September 13 , 2007 . But she praised them for taking responsibility for their actions and for cooperating with the state 's case against Simpson . Should they violate the terms of their probation , the four could face prison time ranging from 12 months to 84 months , depending on the specific charges against them . The four apologized to the state and the victims in the case before their sentences were read in court Tuesday . Simpson , a former Heisman Trophy winner and record-setting NFL running back , had enlisted the help of Cashmore , Erlich , McClinton and Alexander , along with Clarence "  C.J. " Stewart , in an effort to get sports memorabilia items that Simpson claimed belong to him from dealers Bruce Fromong and Al Beardsley . The six men confronted the dealers in a hotel room , brandishing weapons but not firing them . Stewart received a sentence similar to Simpson 's but will be eligible for parole in 7 1/2 years . Watch how Simpson 's conviction came down " Glass ordered Fromong removed from the courtroom Tuesday after he made a comment during the sentencing of McClinton , who admitted brandishing a gun in the hotel room . Glass still has to decide restitution in the case a schedule a hearing on that for Friday morning . The four men sentenced Tuesday walked meekly from the courtroom to report to law enforcement officials and get details on their probation . On Friday , Simpson was led from the courtroom in shackles . He 'll remain jailed while an appeal is pending .	Charles Cashmore , Charles Erlich , Michael McClinton , Walter Alexander in court Four accompanied Simpson , another man in robbery of memorabilia dealers If they violate probation , four face prison terms of 12 months to 84 months Judge must still decide restitution in case
London  CNN  -- Today , Keivan Mohammad Hassan lives a peaceful life with his family as a civil engineer in Sacramento , California . But things could easily be very different . Hassan believes that had he not fled his homeland as a refugee , he would likely number among the Iranian Baha'is facing years behind bars simply for working to provide younger members of their community a tertiary education . "  If myself and my wife were there , we would be imprisoned , " he said . Hassan , 31 , is a member of the Baha'i Faith , Iran 's largest religious minority with an estimated 300,000 members . Considered by the ruling clergy to be apostates , Baha'is have been persecuted in Iran since the faith arose there in the mid-19th century . Its members are systematically denied access to higher education in the Islamic republic today , says Amnesty International . Read : For Bah ` ai educators , a lesson in power from Iran "  People apply for university and their applications are turned down , even though they have strong results from secondary school , " said Elise Auerbach , Iran specialist for Amnesty International USA . "  They ca n't get credentials , so they 're barred from pursuing all sorts of professions . They ca n't be doctors , lawyers , university professors or scientists . " In response , Baha'is have improvised a decentralized , semi-underground college known as the Baha'i Institute for Higher Education  BIHE  . Since 1987 , BIHE has run classes in the living rooms and kitchens of Baha'i homes , on the sweat of volunteer Baha'i professors , many of whom lost their jobs in Iranian universities over their religious beliefs . According to David Hoffman , founder of a campaign to support Iran 's Baha'is in their quest for higher education , the college has produced about 2,000 graduates , one-in-ten of whom have gone on to postgraduate study abroad at one of 60 universities outside Iran recognizing BIHE coursework . "  It 's a creative solution to a real dilemma , " said Hoffman . "  These are very resilient people . " In May , more than 30 Baha'i homes across Iran were raided as part of a crackdown on BIHE . The institution was subsequently declared illegal , according to human rights groups , and seven professors and administrators were last month sentenced to four and five years each , for being involved in an illegal group intending to commit crimes against national security . Among them was Hassan 's academic adviser throughout his five years at BIHE , Mahmoud Badavam . "  It 's unbelievable , " said Hassan . "  These are regular people , they 're not anti-government . When the government blocks their education , they just find another way . Now they 're arresting them because they found alternatives to the rights they were denied . " The global campaign against Iran 's persecution of Baha'is in education is gathering momentum , with the screening of Education Under Fire , a documentary film on the issue at a number of U.S. universities this month . Nobel Peace Prize laureates Archbishop Desmond Tutu and East Timor president Jose Ramos-Horta have signed an open letter calling on Iran to unconditionally drop the charges against the Baha'i educators . " -LSB- I -RSB- t is particularly shocking when despots and dictators in the 21st century attempt to subjugate their own populations by attempting to deny education , " it reads . The letter also calls on academics around the world to register their disapproval with their Iranian peers , and consider recognizing BIHE coursework or offering scholarships . Read : Baha'is accuse Iran of stoking hatred in media Iran 's persecution of Baha'is is not limited to the educational sector , according to human rights groups . Seven Baha'i religious leaders are currently imprisoned for crimes including "  espionage for Israel , " "  insulting religious sanctities " and "  propaganda against the system , " according to Amnesty International . The organization considers the Baha'i leaders to be prisoners of conscience , and says their convictions are politically motivated . It says Baha'is are not permitted to meet , hold religious ceremonies or practice their religion with other believers within Iran . Nor are Baha'is the only group excluded from higher education in Iran . Human rights activists , supporters of women 's rights , members of the political opposition and student journalists have also been deliberately denied access to education , according to a recent report by the non-governmental organization International Campaign for Human Rights in Iran . Alireza Miryusefi , spokesman for Iran 's mission to the United Nations , said that while the Baha'i Faith was not recognized as an official religion in Iran , its adherents had full civil rights . "  Contrary to allegations made by supporters of the cult abroad , they have had equal access to universities and every year tens of them are graduated from Iranian universities , " he said . Miryusefi said raids on BIHE had been conducted because those involved in the institution had "  systematically controlled activities of cult members , and ... interfered in their private , social and economic lives . " He said the organization also had the goal of "  entrapping " non-Baha ` is , with the ultimate objective of creating "  an extremist cult movement . " He said those arrested in the raids had been given a fair trial , and had exercised their right of appeal . Hoffman , the Education Under Fire campaign 's founder , said the fact that BIHE produced "  brilliant students " seemed to be viewed by the Iranian government as an affront . Former BIHE student Pedram Roushan recently completed a PhD in physics at Princeton University , and is now a post-doctoral researcher at the University of California , Santa Barbara . He left Iran in 2000 after completing a five-year civil engineering course at BIHE . "  By the time I was a teenager , I understood that as a Baha'i I was going to be banned from going to any college or university in the country , " he said . "  The price of being a Baha'i was very high in those days . " Two years after Roushan began his studies , Hassan enrolled in the same course . His university enrollment applications had been rejected , despite his strong grades in high school . The university applications required him to state his religion , but only gave four options , none of which were the Baha'i Faith . With no declared religion , his applications were considered incomplete . After graduating , Hassan struck further challenges . He was paid a lower salary because he lacked a recognized qualification , and was removed from several projects when clients objected to a Baha'i 's involvement . When his wife , who had trained for six years as a pharmacist , encountered similar issues , they decided to leave for Turkey , and were granted asylum in the U.S. in 2006 . "  We could n't put up with it any more , " he said . Before he left , Hassan had fulfilled the obligation expected of BIHE graduates , repaying the institution by voluntarily teaching a first-year physics class . "  You do n't just finish BIHE and go , you stay and help future generations , " he said . He finds it astonishing that he could be arrested , like so many others in his community , for the "  crime " of bringing education to young Baha'is . "  My former classmates face being arrested every day -- over education , " he said . http://www.educationunderfire.com	The Baha'i -- Iran 's largest religious minority -- are systematically excluded from higher education In response , Baha'is have improvised an informal , semi-underground college since 1987 Iran 's raid on the institution earlier this year has prompted an international outcry
When DC Comics relaunched its fictional world from scratch last fall , some aspects of the DC mythos temporarily fell by the wayside , such as the notion of parallel worlds featuring different versions of the company 's iconic heroes . "  Earth Two , " a new series by writer James Robinson and artist Nicola Scott , reintroduces the concept by putting a new spin on the original versions of characters like the Green Lantern , the Flash and Superman that diverges notably from the past several decades of DC lore . In the second issue of the comic , in stores June 6 , Robinson and Scott prove just how different this world is by revealing that their version of Alan Scott , the first Green Lantern introduced back in 1940 , is an openly gay man . Up until recently , a middle aged version of Alan Scott was one of the stars of "  Justice Society of America , " a comic series featuring the 1940s versions of DC 's heroes set in the present day . The new versions of these characters in Earth Two have all been aged down considerably , to the point that Scott 's gay superhero son Obsidian had to be sacrificed . Robinson says he was inspired to write Scott himself as a gay character to make up for that loss . "  The logical leap that I made was , oh , why do n't we make Alan Scott gay ? , " he says . "  To DC 's credit , there was n't any hesitation . -LSB- Co-publisher -RSB- Dan DiDio was like ` Oh , that 's a great idea , let 's do it ! ' " Robinson 's version of Green Lantern differs from his counterpart in the regular DC Universe in ways other than his sexual orientation . "  He has a ring which he uses to help manifest his powers , but he does n't have a lantern , " he says , noting that the mainstream Green Lanterns are members of a corp of space police who draw their energy directly from their own willpower . "  He is the receptacle , the conduit for the energy of the Earth , which is this green energy . " Unlike previous versions of Scott dating back to the Forties , wood will not be a weakness for the new Green Lantern . "  He is the earthly powerhouse , and when you see him in terms of his power level , he 's up there close to Superman . " Though Marvel Comics ' gay hero Northstar is set to face some intolerance from his peers following his marriage to his long term boyfriend in the pages of "  Astonishing X-Men , " Robinson and Scott are planning on portraying an idealized world in which Alan Scott is judged only by the quality of his character . "  He does n't come out in issue two ; he is already a gay man , " Robinson says . "  Alan Scott is super-heroic , he 's super gallant , he 'll die for the earth , he 'll die for its people , he 's everything you want in a hero . I imagine he 's such a Type A character that when he realized he was gay , he was like , ` Okay , I 'm gay , now I 'm just gon na go on with my life . ' He 's so accepting of it himself and he 's such a compelling person that the world knows Alan Scott 's gay . He 's such a leader , he 's such a good man , that the Justice League do n't care . And that 's a healthy depiction of a team and how it should be . " Scott says her instructions from Robinson were to make this version of the Green Lantern as heroic as possible . "  With Alan , the brief was very clear , " she says . "  He needed to be a big , strapping , handsome man that everyone would instinctively follow and love . Alan strikes me as an incredibly open , honest and warm man , a natural leader and absolutely the right choice to be Guardian of the Earth . His sexuality is incidental . " You can click through to check out a preview of "  Earth Two " issue two , in which Alan Scott 's sexuality is revealed to the reader in a decidedly matter-of-fact sort of way . See the full story at RollingStone.com .	DC Comics ' "  Earth Two " issue two shows Alan Scott , the first Green Lantern , as an openly gay man "  He does n't come out in issue two ; he is already a gay man , " writer James Robinson says Scott 's sexuality is revealed to the reader in a decidedly matter-of-fact sort of way
PEOPLE.com  -- Liv Tyler highly approves of her rock-star father Steven 's choices -- both in love and career . Asked about the "  American Idol " judge 's recent engagement to Clear Channel executive Erin Brady , Liv tells PEOPLE that she 's an enthusiastic supporter of it , explaining that the two have been together "  for a long , long time " and adding , "  I like her very much . " Speaking to PEOPLE at the Sundance Film Festival , where she 's promoting her new movie "  Robot and Frank , " the actress , 34 , also revealed that she 's finally following in her father 's footsteps -- into the music business . "  I got to record a cover of INXS 's ' I Need You Tonight ' for a Givenchy commercial , " says the model , who has a longstanding beauty contract with the European cosmetics company . "  It was fun and terrifying and wonderful , " she says of recording the song , which is due out soon . It 's a logical step for a woman whose roots are in music . "  I always thought when I was a little girl that I 'd be a singer , " she says . "  My mom -LSB- Bebe Buell -RSB- was always in bands . My dad . And my stepfather , Todd Rundgren , is an incredible musician . " As for her dad 's dicey performance of The Star-Spangled Banner on Sunday ? Liv had n't seen it yet . "  Somebody told me my dad just sang the national anthem , " she said . "  I 've got to go Google it . " Or , you know , maybe not . See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Liv Tyler says she 's a supporter of her father Steven Tyler 's engagement "  I like her very much , " she said about Erin Brady Tyler is promoting her new movie "  Robot and Frank " at the Sundance Film Festival
London  CNN  -- Hopes that this weekend 's Japanese election will deliver a major policy shift towards delivering higher growth and inflation have given the country 's financial markets a long-overdue shot in the arm . Stock markets have rallied , up 10 % on the month to their highest levels since April . The yen , which was recently within touching distance of its post-war high , causing agony for Japan 's manufacturers , has eased to eight-month lows . And Japan 's long-term interest rates have fallen to their lowest levels since 2003 . Optimism hangs on the electoral rhetoric of LDP leader Shinzo Abe , odds-on to be Japan 's next prime minister . Exasperated by Japan 's two lost decades and persistent deflation , Abe has demanded aggressive action from Japan 's central bank , calling for it to generate 2 % inflation and do whatever necessary -- including buying an "  unlimited " amount of government bonds -- to hit that target . And harking back to days gone by , Abe has called for new budgetary stimulus too , including extra public works spending . But could an Abe-led government really snap Japan out of its seemingly interminable economic malaise ? Of course , campaigning and governing are two very different things . And , given the perilous state of Japan 's public finances , the next government will have precious little room for maneuver to boost public investment . Dangerous waters : Behind the islands dispute Indeed , it will have countless unpalatable budgetary decisions to make , not least making the social security system affordable given Japan 's rapidly aging population . So , in practice , fiscal policy is unlikely to be able to provide meaningful stimulus over the term of the next government . That means that the onus will be on monetary policy to boost growth and inflation . Following rebuttals from present Bank of Japan Governor Shirakawa , Abe recently toned down his attacks on the central bank . But the LDP manifesto maintained Abe 's commitment to a 2 % inflation target , with legislative action to be considered to force the Bank of Japan 's hand if it does not co-operate . Of course , whether an LDP-led government can amend laws related to the central bank , or will in large part depend on the election outcome . But even if Abe secures a comfortable majority in the Lower House , given its lack of control of the Upper House , it might struggle to secure the working majorities it will need in the Diet to pass legislation comfortably . Certainly , a government reliant on a number of parties to pass legislation may mean that complicated reforms to shake up the Bank of Japan are likely to remain more of a threat than a reality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chris Scicluna .	Former PM Shinzo Abe is campaigning on joint monetary and fiscal stimulus to end persistent deflation Abe has threatened legislative action if the Central Bank of Japan does n't commit to a 2 % inflation target Given political constraints , Abe is unlikely to secure the working majorities needed to pass such legislation , Scicluna writes
Egypt 's interim government officially declared the Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist organization on Wednesday , blamed it for a bombing this week that killed 16 people , and announced that anyone who is a member of the group will be punished . Hossam Issa , the interim minister of higher education and a deputy prime minister , announced the Cabinet 's decision on state-run al-Masriaya television . "  The government reiterates that there will be no return to the past under any circumstances and Egypt , the state and the people , will never succumb to the terrorism of the Muslim Brotherhood whose crimes have gone far beyond all moral , religious and human limits , " he said . The government also will punish anyone giving the group financial support , Issa added . Hundreds of supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood took to the streets in towns and cities across Egypt after the announcement . In Alexandria , some protesters threw fireworks at authorities and set fire to police cars as young people marched through the streets chanting "  Sisi is a traitor , " according to the official Facebook page of the Freedom and Justice Party , the political wing of the Muslim Brotherhood . "  Sisi " refers to Egypt 's new leader , Gen. Abdel Fatah El Sisi . "  The terrorist coup authorities that are agents for the Zionists announced the Muslim Brotherhood as terrorists , similar to declaration made against the Palestinian resistance movement by Israel . The coup is terrorism , " the group said in an online statement . Explosion rocks university in Cairo , injures 5 In Cairo , demonstrators holding up the four-finger sign in honor of Rabaa  "  four " in Arabic  flooded the residential neighborhood of Dokki . Police violently cleared the Muslim Brotherhood 's protest camp at the Rabaa al-Adawiya mosque earlier this year , killing hundreds of people in the single bloodiest day in Egypt 's modern history . Tamarod , the grass-roots political faction responsible for organizing the petition campaign that led to the overthrow of President Mohamed Morsy in July by the Egyptian military , issued a statement on its official website . "  The government 's decision announcing the Brotherhood group a terrorist organization is a good step , and it came late but better to come late than never , " it said . Issa made the announcement despite the fact that Ansar Jerusalem , a jihadist group responsible for attacks in Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , has claimed responsibility for the attack on a security forces headquarters . On Sunday , Ansar Jerusalem issued an online statement calling on army and police members to quit . "  With your staying in these institutions from evening to morning , you are incurring the anger of Allah , " the statement said . But Issa said it was an "  ugly crime " perpetrated by the Brotherhood . In addition to the 16 people killed in the early morning twin bombings , 130 people were wounded . More than 40 people remained hospitalized Wednesday . CNN first learned of the blasts from Twitter . U.S. : Concern over current political conditions The United States issued a strong reaction to the news that the Muslim Brotherhood was labeled as terrorists . "  We think it is essential for Egypt to have an inclusive political process ; it is the best means of restoring the stability that the Egyptian people want and that is necessary to the country 's economic recovery , " said Jen Psaki , a spokeswoman for the U.S. State Department . "  There needs to be dialogue and political participation across the political spectrum . " She repeated the United States ' condemnation of the bombings , noting the Muslim Brotherhood denounced the bombing and Ansar Jerusalem , in Arabic called Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis , had taken credit for the attack . She said the United States has designated Ansar Bayt al-Maqdis as a terrorist group . "  We are concerned about the current atmosphere and its potential effects on a democratic transition in Egypt , " she said . Russia also condemned the bombings . "  Political differences , no matter how sharp they may be , should be resolved by peaceful means in the ways of a broad dialogue with the participation of leading political and social forces of the country , " the Foreign Ministry said . State media ; Egypt 's Morsy faces trial for 2011 prison break Upcoming vote on proposed constitution Morsy , backed by the Muslim Brotherhood and the nation 's first democratically elected president , was forced out of office in July 2013 , with detractors saying he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values . Morsy faces charges of incitement to murder in connection with protests against his rule in December 2012 . He has refused to recognize the court . The interim Egyptian government has cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood . The military and police have detained large numbers of Brotherhood officials and supporters since Morsy 's ouster . Several hundred people have died in clashes between pro-Morsy demonstrators and security forces since the military removed him . The blasts come in the lead-up to Egypt 's referendum on a new constitution , which will be held January 14-15 . The draft constitution would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military . Morsy has endured a series of other legal troubles . He and 132 others will face trial for escaping from prison in 2011 , state media reported Saturday . Morsy will be tried along with members of the Muslim Brotherhood and Palestinian Hamas , the Al-Ahram state newspaper reported . He is also charged with raiding other prisons , and killing soldiers and officers in Rafah , according to the newspaper . Morsy has been in custody since his ouster .	U.S. worries political process in Egypt is being negatively affected Cabinet declares Muslim Brotherhood a terror group , tells members to leave Muslim Brotherhood says military-backed government is the real terror group Jihadist group issues claim of responsibility for Tuesday bombings at police building
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Israel must halt West Bank settlement activity and the Palestinians need to increase West Bank security to advance the Middle East peace process , President Obama said Thursday after meeting with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas , left , meets with President Obama Thursday . "  I am confident that we can move this process forward if all the parties are willing to take on the responsibilities and meet the obligations that they 've already committed to , " Obama told reporters in a joint appearance with Abbas following the White House meeting . Abbas said his Palestinian Authority was committed to fulfilling its obligations under the 2003 Middle East road map . The two men called for immediate progress in the peace process that could lead to renewed direct talks between the Palestinians and the Israeli government . No formal Palestinian-Israeli negotiations have occurred since Israeli elections in February brought Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to power . "  What is needed right now is to resume the discussions with the current Israeli government , " Abbas said . The talks came days before Obama is scheduled to meet with Saudi King Abdullah in Riyadh and deliver a long-awaited speech on relations between the United States and the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt Last week , Obama pushed Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for a firm Israeli commitment to Palestinian statehood as part of the so-called two-state solution -- a position strongly advocated Thursday by Abbas . Netanyahu has committed to removing illegal settlement "  outposts " but has also pledged to continue expansion , or "  natural growth , " of existing settlements . At the same time , Netanyahu has refrained from endorsing Palestinian statehood , arguing that Israel first needs security guarantees and a clear Palestinian partner for peace talks . A total of 295,000 Israelis live in the West Bank , according to the Council for Peace and Security Talks . Another 194,000 live in the disputed area of East Jerusalem . Obama said Thursday it was in the interest of Israel , the Palestinians and the United States for both sides to show their commitment to the two-state solution proposed by the 2003 road map . Watch Obama say he is a "  strong believer " in a two-state solution " "  It is in our interest to ensure that Israel is safe and secure , " he said , adding that the best way to achieve that is to create the necessary conditions to "  set the stage for a Palestinian state . " "  I 'm confident that if Israel looks long-term -- looks at its long-term strategic interests -- that it will recognize that a two-state solution is in the interests of the Israeli people as well as the Palestinians , " Obama said . At the same time , Obama said he told President Abbas "  in a frank exchange " that continuing anti-Israel sentiments and incitements in Palestinian schools , mosques and public squares were "  impediments to peace . " The Palestinian Authority headed by Abbas holds power on the West Bank , while the militant Palestinian Islamist group Hamas controls Gaza . Obama noted that Abbas is under pressure to negotiate with Hamas on creating a unified Palestinian leadership , and praised him for insisting that such a Palestinian leadership must agree to Israel 's right to exist and commit itself to peace . "  I want to publicly commend President Abbas for taking that position , because I think it 's in the interest of the Palestinian people and the people of the region , " Obama said . The struggle to balance Palestinian sovereignty and Israeli security was highlighted earlier Thursday , when Israeli anti-terror forces killed a suspected Hamas military leader in a West Bank village south of Hebron . Israel accused 45-year-old Aded El Majid Dodeen , of , among other things , involvement in suicide bombings on buses in Jerusalem . Abbas ' meeting with Obama comes at what many observers believe is a pivotal time in the Middle East peace process . "  There is a critical window of opportunity , and it would be sensible for us to pass through it , " former British Prime Minister Tony Blair told members of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee two weeks ago . Blair has served as the United Nations ' primary Middle East envoy since stepping down as Britain 's prime minister in 2007 . "  We have a new -LSB- United States -RSB- administration that has come in and from the outset has said , ` This is a priority for us , ' " he said . "  You have the Arab peace initiative , which signals that the Arab world is prepared to recognize Israel and to be part of this process . You have a basically unified international community position " in favor of a two-state solution . "  If we can not move this forward now , I think the risk is , there will be many people within Israel and within the Palestinian territories who will conclude it ca n't be moved forward . " But without proper security , a Palestinian state will continue to be viewed as a threat rather than an opportunity for Israelis , Blair argued . At the same time , many observers say , the Palestinians need greater economic opportunity and more complete control over their territory . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Obama says he 's "  confident " the peace process can go forward Mahmoud Abbas says Palestinian Authority committed to 2003 Mideast road map Obama , Abbas talk at White House week after Obama met with Israeli PM Observers believe this is a pivotal time in the Middle East peace process
One man . One woman . Five hundred and one days in an RV-size space capsule . Will they still be speaking when they return ? The Inspiration Mars Foundation is seeking to send two people -- potentially a middle-aged married couple -- to space in a capsule that would pass within 100 miles of Mars . Although no formal application process has begun , the Mars mission masterminds are already receiving résumés and technology ideas from interested people , said Jane Poynter , president of Paragon Space Development Corp. , which is developing technologies for the mission that 's hoping to launch in 2018 . More about the mission Whether the money to finance the Mars mission materializes remains to be seen , but if it does happen : Who would these space adventurers be , and how would they cope ? It 's never been tried before , so really , no one knows . Who should go ? A rigorous process will be put in place for selecting the crew , Poynter said . A man and a woman are sought for the roles to "  represent humanity , " she said ; a married couple is "  preferred " but not required . "  You want to make sure that you start out with a relationship between the two people that go on this mission that is on really solid footing , that they know how to pick themselves up after a falling-out , " Poynter said . Poynter said she and husband Taber MacCallum , CEO of Paragon , are "  intrigued " by the idea of being the pioneers to go on the mission . They have experience in close quarters , having spent two years with six other people sealed inside Biosphere 2 , a research facility situated on a little over 3 acres in Arizona , in the early 1990s . "  It 's always helpful to have somebody help buoy you in difficult times and problem-solve with and to share the marvelous moments with as well , " she said of living there with her husband . "  I think it really helped us be productive crew members . " Friends who have known each other for decades , or siblings who get along well and are comfortable spending long periods of time with one another , would also be suitable for this sort of situation , said Jason Kring , assistant professor at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University , who is not involved with the mission . But there is some evidence from extreme environments on Earth to support the married couple idea , says Lawrence Palinkas of the University of Southern California , who has studied more than 1,000 Americans who have spent winters in Antarctica over a four-decade period . Based on Palinkas ' studies at the South Pole , the most stable individuals and those with the most stable relationships are middle-aged married couples . That works out well for space travel , given that older people have less time left in their lives for space radiation to potentially cause cancer , Kring said . Radiation is also associated with infertility , so the couple should not be seeking to have children after the mission . Prolonged separation from family and friends back home is a huge source of stress for people in isolated , confined environments , Palinkas said . Having a close confidant in space would allow them to share their day-to-day experiences with someone they love and trust . NASA astronaut Cady Coleman , who has logged more than 4,330 hours in space , agreed : "  Often , work that is as demanding as ours in terms of time away from family . think it might be great to be able to spend that kind of time with your sweetheart . " Will two people get along ? Of course , the behavioral quirks and annoyances that you might easily brush aside on Earth would be magnified in a confined space over 501 days . Even in a healthy marital relationship , there can be such a thing as too much contact , Palinkas said . Nobody really knows the ideal size of a crew to travel this long , but Peter Suedfeld , professor emeritus at the University of British Columbia , is skeptical about having just two people . If one of them is emotionally unavailable , the other is out of luck .  As for whether sex has ever been tried in space , "  there are rumors but no official acknowledgment , " Suedfeld said . "  When both of you are under stress -- and these two people would be under the same level of stress , the same kind of stress -- each of them would want emotional support and be too focused on their own problems to give it to the other , " Suedfeld said . In his view , it 's better to have a team with some amount of diversity , where no one background or nationality predominates . The International Space Station usually has a crew of six these days , and that 's worked out well , he said . There are other challenges : If one person were to get sick , the remaining crew member would need to take over all tasks to keep the vehicle operational , Kring said . In Biosphere 2 , which is much bigger than a space capsule , Poynter and MacCallum never got on each other 's nerves , she said ; it was others who irked them , so the couple could "  rally together . " But whether any given couple who goes to Mars would still want to be together after 501 days is anyone 's guess , experts say . Psychological difficulties Scientists do not have data from actual missions to Mars , but situations of isolation and confinement on Earth give us some clues as to how things might go . In the Mars500 experiment , a collaboration between the Russian , European and Chinese space agencies , a crew of six men was locked in a chamber near Moscow for 520 days to simulate a Mars trip . The crew received no fresh food or fresh air and could not see the sun . A recent study in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences found that most crew members experienced sleep disturbances of some kind but found a trend toward increased sleep and rest as the mission went on . One crew member appeared to live on a 25-hour day instead of 24 . Researchers also noted "  behavioral aspects of torpor " in the crew , akin to hibernation of some birds and animals . In his Antarctica studies , Palinkas and colleagues found that in a psychologically healthy group , about 5 % of people experience clinically significant psychological symptoms . These include depression , anxiety , substance abuse problems , sleep disorders and adjustment disorders relating to not getting along with crewmates . However , most people do well , he said , and see a lot of benefit from participating in the experience -- "  definitely an increase in feelings of self-confidence , self-efficacy -- the belief that if they can handle this , they can pretty much handle anything . " In Biosphere 2 , where Poynter 's days involved pruning shears , plants and a two-way radio , the crew of eight did n't exactly live in psychological peace . Poynter remembers standing in the sweet potato field one day , and "  it was like a time portal opened . " In her mind , she was a child again , having an argument with one of her brothers . Such vivid flashbacks have also occurred to people living in Antarctica , she said . The Biosphere 2 group eventually sought and received psychological counseling via telephone . Bored , bored and bored 40 minutes later ? "  We 've got to select for people that can maintain upbeat and happy attitude in the face of adversity and that are resilient , " Poynter said . Aboard the International Space Station , astronauts often enjoy just gazing out the window at Earth from afar . Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield has a popular Twitter account that he uses to post extraordinary photos of the planet . But a couple en route to Mars would see Earth shrink until it 's a dot among many others in the lonely sky . "  There 's going to be , I 'm quite sure , a feeling of separation that no one has experienced before , " Suedfeld said . Do n't forget the communication delay . A message may take as long as 40 minutes to travel to Earth and back , and there may be times when communication with the ground is not possible at all . If a crew member is having a breakdown and someone on Earth is trying to counsel him or her , Kring says , it will take 20 minutes for a message such as "  try to think calming thoughts " to reach the spacefarer and another 20 minutes for an acknowledgment to get back to Earth . One solution to the boredom question could be time-release entertainment packages , Suedfeld said . In other words , some movies or music will not become "  unlocked " until a given amount of time has passed so that the couple does n't blow through all of their entertainment at once . Poynter said the Biosphere 2 crew created music using the sounds from the animals and machinery in the biosphere . Music-making or reading would be options on the Mars journey , too , she said . Eventually , presumably , Mars would come into view . "  To look down on Mars and be the first people to see , potentially , our future home planet -- " Poynter interrupted herself to let out a high-pitched "  Oooo ! " -- "  gives me chills just thinking about it . " ... And other health issues Besides mental factors , gravity differences in space present a slew of physiological challenges that are n't easily simulated on Earth over long periods of time . There 's evidence that the visual system can be impaired , and the weakening of bones and muscle may occur , Kring said . How the two people aboard the space capsule would deal with these sorts of issues , on top of mental stress , remains to be seen -- as does whether the mission will actually launch as envisioned in January 2018 . "  I 'm all for supporting this , and I certainly am a big proponent of human spaceflight , but I wonder if all of this can be figured out in five years , " Kring said . More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Inspiration Mars Foundation wants to send a man and woman to Mars Handling stress well and getting along with other person is important , experts say Middle-aged couples were stable in research conducted in Antarctica
The Frisky  -- We reached out to readers nationwide to see what issues are absolutely non-negotiable and which situations are no-budge when it comes to looking for a potential partner . We received hundred of replies and compiled them into a list of greatest hits , if you will . So , when it comes to giving that new relationship a shot , or making the most of a long-term one , here are the 10 most common non-negotiable issues to consider . The Frisky : 30 things every woman should quit doing by 30 1 . Physical Affection . We 've got a bunch of avid huggers , kissers , cuddlers , and lovers out there . 2 . Honesty . It sounds like a platitude , but honesty really is so dang important . For the sake of this list , I am lumping "  faithfulness , " "  loyalty , " and "  dependability " into this category because I think they fall under the giant honesty umbrella . The Frisky : 25 signs he is not relationship material 3 . Sense of Humor . We like to laugh our way through life . Bwahahahah ! 4 . Respect . What 's the point of trying to build a solid relationship if respect is not the foundation ? If anyone knows , please share . 5 . Kids . Kids are a hot list item for many of us . Either we want them or we do n't . But , most importantly , we want someone who feels the same way about wanting or not wanting rug rats . The Frisky : Why celebs cheat in their relationships 6 . Active . So I take it most of us do n't want a partner who sits around looking at the internet all day ? I am saddened , but I suppose I can forgive you for wanting a mate who will log off for an hour to go to the gym . 7 . Simpatico Political / Religious Beliefs . Having a significant other with similar religious/political beliefs certainly does give you way less to engage in embittered debates about . The Frisky : 7 things guys say that spell trouble 8 . Financial Stability . Financial idiots not welcome here . If you want to get serious with us , learn how to balance your checkbook and then we can talk . 9 . Open . Open to new experiences . Open to change . Open to life . We like our people open , not closed . 10 . Ambition . We like a potential mate to have a little fire under their a ** when it comes to grabbing the brass ring . The Frisky : 7 chubby celebrity men who slimmed down TM & © 2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	"  The Frisky " readers on what issues in a relationship are absolutely non-negotiable Readers want someone who feels the same way about having kids Faithfulness , loyalty , and dependability all fall under the honesty umbrella Having ambition and financial stability is important
CNN  -- A worker operating a machine in a family workshop in China accidentally cut off his hand -- which doctors were able to save by grafting it onto his lower calf . The worker , Xie Wei , said he was initially unsure if his right hand could be saved , but he thought it was worth a try . The hand went without a blood supply for many hours while Xie searched for a hospital that could perform such a surgery . Xie said that he went to local hospitals near the factory first , but he said they told him they "  did not have the skills to help . " Eventually he found a hospital about two hours away where doctors believed they could do it . Xie kept his hand in a plastic bag at first , then stored it in a cooler of ice . In total , it took about seven hours to get to a doctor who could help . The doctor , Dr. Tang Juyu , is a specialist in difficult tissue and wound repair cases . Before Xie went into the operation , Tang told him he was optimistic and predicted he would regain the use of his hand , according to Xie . Tang decided the best way to save the hand was to attach it to Xie 's calf where there was a good blood supply . The hand would need to stay there until Xie 's arm could fully heal . Tang believes there have been about 20 such cases in all of China and all of them have been successful . There is no data , as only case studies have been performed . Tang said in a similar operation in 2004 , he grafted a hand onto a patient 's belly . That operation was a success . When Xie woke up from the operation he said he was surprised to find his hand on his calf . He says his first reaction at the time was to think it was "  unbelievable " and "  weird . " The hand itself felt warm , he said , but it was numb since no nerves were connected and only blood vessels were attached . His leg felt no different , he said , but was "  heavier than usual . " After about a month his arm was better healed , and he had another surgery where his hand was reattached . Tang says this second stage of the operation is actually more challenging , but everything went smoothly . Xie has recovered without complications and has been discharged . He is currently resting at home . He said he can twist his wrist to a certain degree , but does n't have full movement with his fingers , at least not yet . Doctors told him a full recovery for the nerves in his hand should take about six months . Xie said he is n't sure what his future may bring . Today he is concentrating on recovering fully . The factory did pay for his operation , which cost about 300,000 Chinese yuan , or about $ 49,400 . Most of all , Xie said , he is thankful to doctors for "  living up to their promise " that they would be able to reattach his hand and make it functional again . CNN 's April Ma and Susan Wang in Beijing contributed to this report .	Man cut off hand at work and searched for a surgeon for 7 hours The surgeon attached it to his calf where there was a good blood supply There have been about 20 such successful operations in all of China
CNN  -- In hiding , they listened carefully . To gunshots and explosions . To friends and strangers hiding with them . With their lives at stake , they spoke quietly and tried to decide : When do we run for it ? Sara Head of Washington hid in a stairwell . Uche Kaigwa-Okoye 's place of refuge was a stall in a ladies ' restroom . Zulobia Kassam was in the back of a supermarket . Each was lucky enough never to see any of the gunmen who killed dozens in the upscale Westgate Shopping Mall in Nairobi , Kenya , on Saturday . But not seeing their attackers was itself part of the terror . Stuck between floors Head , along with a business colleague and a driver , fled from the parking lot after the shooting started . Her group ran into a stairwell , thinking they would go up one level and find a safe exit . But they could hear more gunfire and backed down , winding up with a group of strangers cowering on the stairs between floors . Keep up with the latest developments in Kenya "  We heard lots of shots at first , then none for a while -- maybe 15 minutes more -- then more , " Head said . "  We did n't go want to go up or down , " she said . Head saw two people in the stairwell bleeding from minor wounds . People talked on their cell phones -- she contacted her husband and the American embassy -- but then a stranger said the talking might attract the attackers . Those with smartphones whispered reports of hostages taken and grenades going off . "  No one really knew what was going on , " she said . Safety : Can the attack happen again ? Crowding in the ladies ' room Kaigwa-Okoye thought he heard a table fall over , "  and then it happened repetitively , and it got really loud . " Soon people started screaming and Kaigwa-Okoye joined many who ran outside . But they heard gunfire outside , too , so Kaigwa-Okoye went back inside . Still unable to see any attackers , they thought they were backing away from danger . But when they reached a corner , shots were fired -- shots that seemed to be in their direction . They fled to a ladies ' restroom , where 20 people soon were hiding . "  We were really scared , " he said . "  Every sound sounded scary . We could n't make out sounds , and they had grenades . It was really , really loud ... They must have passed our corridor several times . We heard gunshots down our corridor . " Some people ventured out but quickly returned , saying it was unsafe . Near supermarket gunfire Kassam had just finished coffee when she entered a supermarket in the mall . "  We entered and the lights went off , " she said . She waited for the generator to kick in , but instead she heard gunshots and saw people running . "  We rushed to the back and hid ourselves , " Kassam said . "  We heard random shots from everywhere -- upstairs , downstairs ... we even heard shots 30 feet from us , " she said . "  People were petrified , crying , praying , " she said . Surviving the mall massacre : ` Just lucky ' ` The lights came on ' Head had been in the stairwell 90 minutes when a door from the supermarket opened . "  The lights came on in the stairwell , and people went out . I was very , very hesitant because ... there was no information to tell me it was safe to exit , " she said . "  It was just that the people in front of me were exiting . " "  People were saying be quiet , " she said . She saw drops of blood on the floor as they walked through the hardware section and a cereal aisle and then through the storeroom to get outside . Still they walked quietly until it seemed safe to make noise . Then they ran , she said , not stopping even when they reached crowds of onlookers and photographers . Tear gas , then rescue Kaigwa-Okoye heard firing but then realized police had arrived on the floor where he was hiding in the restroom . They were firing tear gas . Officers told them to walk out single file and made them throw away their bags . Kassam had been hiding in the back of the supermarket for more than two hours when a security person arrived and said it was safe to flee . She and others walked through a storage area . "  We saw lots of blood , sandals and shoes , " she said . She made it outside to the main road . And even at what seemed a safe distance , she again heard shooting in the distance . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness World leaders condemn terror attack at Kenya mall	Saturday 's attack on a Kenyan mall left people scrambling for their lives amid chaos Shoppers had to quickly hide and then wonder whether to run -- and when American Sara Head hid in a stairwell : "  We did n't want to go up or down " 20 people huddled for safety in a restroom , where "  every sound sounded scary "
CNN  -- Former Inter Milan striker Adriano has revealed he had to leave the Italian Serie A giants because of alcohol problems . Brazili striker Adriano is now enjoying his football again after returning home to play for Flamengo . The Brazilian ended his contract with Inter by mutual consent in April after a torrid eight years at the San Siro . Adriano returned to his homeland and signed for Flamengo and the 27-year-old claims he now feels like a new person . "  After the death of my father I fell into a depression that I only managed to cure with alcohol , " Adriano told Brazilian magazine R7 . "  I was happy only when I was drinking and I never stopped . I went out every night and drank whatever happened to be in front of me : wine , whisky , beer ... a lot of beer . "  People think that it was madness to give up the millionaire 's contract that I had but the truth is that there is not money enough to compensate for family . I gave up so many millions but I bought happiness . " Adriano had a troubled time in Italy and his career was often called into question by off-the-field reports . In September 2007 , he was sent home to Brazil by Inter as he was unhappy , and he went on to join Sao Paulo on loan for six months before heading back to Italy . Reports at the time suggested Adriano was once again turning up to training drunk and the Brazil international has admitted that was why the Nerazzurri eventually gave up on him . He continued : "  I turned up every day drunk . I could n't sleep for fear of being late but at the end I arrived in unpresentable conditions anyway and so they used to send me to sleep in the infirmary while they told journalists that I had some muscle problems . "  I went back to Inter because of coach Jose Mourinho , but it was not enough . I started again with parties , women and alcohol . "  The club did n't want to accept the situation and gave up insisting on my recovery . I 'm upset for Mourinho , who rightly argued with several directors in an attempt to convince them to treat me . "	Former Inter Milan striker Adriano has revealed why he left the Italian giants The 27-year-old has admitted having alcohol problems after death of his father However , he told Brazilian magazine R7 he is better now back playing at home
CNN  -- Former Vice President Dick Cheney said Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is a good friend and U.S. ally , but declined to predict whether the embattled leader would heed protesters ' calls to step down . Cheney made the comments Saturday night at a ceremony honoring former President Ronald Reagan in Santa Barbara , California . Protesters have pledged to stay on the streets of Egyptian cities until Hosni Mubarak relinquishes power . Mubarak , who has led the north African nation for three decades , has said he will stay in power until September , and will not run for re-election . Cheney said the Egyptian leader should be treated with respect . "  He has been a good man , a good friend and ally to the United States , " Cheney said . "  We need to remember that . " The former vice president declined to predict whether Mubarak would step down . "  I do n't want to make a prediction because I do n't know , " Cheney said . "  But I also think there comes a time for everybody when it 's time to hang it up and move on and someone else will take over . " Massive demonstrations have been held in Egyptian cities since January 25 to demand an end to Mubarak 's rule . Cheney said Egyptians will decide his fate as leader . "  In the end , whatever comes next in Egypt is going to be determined by the people of Egypt , " he said .	Cheney speaks at a ceremony honoring former President Ronald Reagan Egyptian protesters are pledging to stay on the streets until Hosni Mubarak steps down
Atlanta  CNN  -- Thwack , thwack , thwack . The sound of a hoe hitting the earth breaks the silence of a cold , crisp Atlanta early spring morning . Wearing a brightly colored , tribal patterned piece of material as a skirt over her pants , Halieth Hatungimana works hard turning the soil over in preparation for seeds . Her worn hands grip the hoe with ease , the thwacking noise rhythmic . Slowly , other women start to join her . They 're bundled up against the cold but still make a point to sing out to each other in greeting . A child 's runny nose is tended to and then he 's left to play . The women are farming a piece of land in the unlikely location of Atlanta . They 're planting spinach and beets and carrots in anticipation of a late spring harvest . It 's work they 're familiar with , work they 're good at . See , these women are n't originally from Atlanta . They 're refugees from Burundi . Burundi is a small African country that shares a border with Rwanda to its north and the Democratic Republic of Congo to the west . No stranger to political instability and unrest , Burundi started out as a monarchy though was later colonized by the Belgians . Independence came in 1962 , but damage to the relationship between the country 's two main tribes , the Hutus and the Tutsis , had already been done . One coup after another eventually led to military rule . A captain and a colonel later , Burundians found themselves without a constitution or opposition parties . Tensions between the ruling Tutsis and majority Hutus grew and grew until another all-too-familiar wave of violence broke out in 1988 . It 's estimated that 150,000 Burundians were killed , and tens of thousands sought refuge . Burundi briefly looked to be back on track a few years later , but after the country 's first Hutu president was assassinated , the nation was rocked by civil war . All this happened before the Burundian and Rwandan presidents were killed in a plane crash April 1994 . That crash marked the beginning of the better-known Rwandan genocide and only served to exacerbate the tensions in Burundi . It was n't until a cease-fire was negotiated in 2006 that Burundians could exhale . And while the situation still is n't fully resolved , the violence has for the most part stopped . Waves of Burundians came to the U.S. during that turbulent time . Atlanta was a popular destination for them because the city is constantly growing , and it was looking to diversify the population . For the refugees , escaping war was only the beginning . Transplanted into a world that looked different , smelled different and spoke an entirely different language meant many challenges . In Burundian culture , the women are responsible for farm work . Without knowing English , many struggled to find a way to fit in , let alone provide for their families . FIFA co-opts first woman from Burundi to its executive committee A guiding light for the women For these 15 refugees , Susan Pavlin changed all that . A former immigration lawyer , Pavlin knows how hard it can be just to get to the United States . She wanted to take her love of gardening and combine it with her passion for those in need . She gave up her well-paying job and started Global Growers , an organization that offers refugees a second chance at a new life . Global Growers operates a few farms and farming programs , but the Umurima Wa Burundi is just for Burundian refugees . Halieth is the de facto leader of the group . She 's been farming since she was a little girl . When she came to America after fleeing Burundi , she had no means of income . She could n't speak or read English , and had a hard time navigating her new city . Now , she can take the local rail transportation and read which spot she needs to get off . Her English is n't fantastic , and she still needs a translator to explain some larger concepts , but you can tell from the way her eyes soften when she smiles that she 's happy . Originally the garden intended to give the Burundian women a chance to do at which something they 're good , to empower them and perhaps the chance to take something home to their families . It 's since evolved into a means for the women to make money . They now sell whatever they do n't take home at farmers ' markets . This year , they also started a Community Supported Agriculture program , or CSA . Members of the community pay a fixed sum and get roughly 12 weeks worth of vegetables from the farm . They get whatever comes out of the ground that morning , and the women wash and sort the veggies with care . Because the CSA members come and pick up their weekly allotment from the garden in person , they get to meet some of the Burundian women . "  I like the concept , " says CSA member Don Bender , "  I know some of the folks who work here , and they bring with them skills from Burundi that they 're able to use in this , and it feels good to see them be able to continue with what they were doing there to do it here . ... I think plants reflect better taste when they 're raised with love . " For Halieth , the relationship is mutually beneficial . Through a translator , she says , "  If you are working , then ... you are going -LSB- to feel -RSB- very better , but if you 're going to sleep in , you 're going to -LSB- get -RSB- in trouble . " She means the garden gives her a purpose in life , that she 's not just sitting at home doing nothing all day . Her goal for the farm is for it to become big enough "  to produce the things that are going to help our family or to help grow up our kids . " Burundi faces growing unrest Another harvest from garden : leadership Susan 's role is more as a coordinator , making sure the garden is permitted correctly and handling the administrative tasks . The rest is run by the women . She 's noticed some residual benefits of the garden as well . "  There 's really a leadership process that has evolved , " she says , "  We have regular team meetings with the women who are in the leadership of the farm and we look at what has been successful selling at the market and we also look at what are some of the crops , the food that the women want for their own homes that they ca n't typically get in the marketplace here . So we do a combination of growing things that are harder to find in the markets like African greens ... and then also growing for markets . " The women are also responsible for deciding what farming techniques to use . They often plant two beds of the same crop , to see which one does better . They 're used to a less-structured growing approach . Seeds are scattered over an area , as opposed to being planted in rows . They 've recently expanded their growing space so they have more room for muchicha , an amaranth green prominent in Burundi . When they first picked out what they 'd grow , a language barrier caused some confusion . The women saw a picture in a seed catalog of what they thought was muchicha ; turns out it was basil . The women 's approach to their crops is also commendable . They use as much of the plants as they can ; even taking bean leaves to prepare at home like spinach . As she reflects on the garden , and how far it 's come , Susan says "  probably the biggest thing I 've learned is how incredibly important it is for human beings to have something they can take ownership of and feel strongly about . ... And with that also comes a tremendous amount of confidence and really a comfort level of being in this country , having an opportunity to share it with their children . ... It 's been really amazing to see that grow because it tells the story of people getting a chance to do something that 's good for them and good for their families , but really is central to who they are and it makes people so much stronger . " Stronger , more empowered and happier . They may not be in Burundi , but Global Growers is providing these women with more than just the ability to farm . They 're integrating them into a community so that one day , maybe they 'll feel like they 're home . Rescued refugee becomes Coast Guard rescuer	Fifteen women who fled war-torn Burundi are farming in metro Atlanta Susan Pavlin started Global Growers to help refugees adapt to their new city The women take some crops home and sell the rest at farmers ' markets Pavlin : It 's important to have something of which they can take ownership
CNN  -- Target Corp. this month will open 27 new stores employing a total of more than 4,300 people , the company said . One of Target 's two new Hawaii stores awaits its Sunday grand opening . The stores ' openings will come just weeks after the retailer cut 600 people from its headquarters staff amid what it called weaker-than-expected sales . The retailer will hold grand openings for the 21 general merchandise stores and six full-grocery SuperTarget stores on Sunday . The new sites include the company 's first two stores in Hawaii . Each general merchandise store employs 150 to 250 people , and each SuperTarget has 200 to 300 workers , the company said . In late January , Minnesota-based Target cut its headquarters staff by 9 percent and eliminated 400 open positions . The company , citing difficult economic conditions and sales that did n't meet expectations , also said it would soon close an Arkansas distribution center that employs 500 people and would cut back on planned new-store openings . "  We are clearly operating in an unprecedented economic environment that requires us to make some extremely difficult decisions to ensure Target remains competitive over the long term , " Gregg Steinhafel , Target president and CEO , said in a news release that month . Retailers in the United States took a hit last year as a weak economy weighed on consumer spending . Retail sales fell six straight months until January , when sales rose 1 percent , according to the Commerce Department . However , retail experts said they were skeptical a rebound had taken hold . Still , two other retailers also announced plans to expand . Kohl 's announced last month that it intends to open 55 stores in 2009 , and Dollar General in February said it is looking to open more than 400 stores . Target reported its fourth-quarter net earnings were 40.7 percent lower than the same quarter a year earlier . Same-store sales in January were 3.3 percent lower than a year earlier . December same-store sales fell 4.1 percent . Target 's new general merchandise stores are in Rogers , Arkansas ; Santa Clarita , California ; Pensacola , Florida ; Bethlehem , Georgia ; Honolulu and Kapolei , Hawaii ; Council Bluffs , Iowa ; Las Vegas , Nevada ; Paramus , New Jersey ; Cincinnati , Lebanon and Reynoldsburg , Ohio ; Broken Arrow , Oklahoma ; Philadelphia and Exton , Pennsylvania ; Memphis , Tennessee ; Houston , San Antonio and San Marcos , Texas ; Midlothian , Virginia ; and Sun Prairie , Wisconsin . The new SuperTarget stores are in Kissimmee , Florida ; Canton , Georgia ; Hillside , Illinois ; and Pflugerville , Allen and Lewisville , Texas . The new locations will increase the number of Target stores to 1,699 , the company said . CNNMoney.com 's Parija B. Kavilanz contributed to this report .	Retailer 's new stores to open in 16 states New locations to employ more than 4,300 Target in January announced headquarters job cuts , reduction of expansion plans
A mob of people have surrounded a group of animal rights activists protesting in the busiest open market in town . It 's the eve of Yulin 's annual dog meat festival , a tradition that dates back generations to celebrate the summer solstice . Arguments ensue among those living in the city and the people who condemn the tradition . "  Do n't you eat beef ? If you stop eating beef , then we 'll stop eating dog meat , " yells one man frustrated with the intense media scrutiny in the Dong Kou open market , where an array of birds , snakes , cats and livestock are sold as daily fresh fare . Dozens of journalists , filmmakers and photographers have come to the city in China 's southeast Guangxi province to document an event that lies at the center of a battle between deeply-ingrained tradition and the encroachment of the modern world . Activists say dogs are part of the daily diet here , with an estimated 10,000 dogs killed for the festival alone . Ask a local when the tradition of eating dog meat began and you 'll likely be met with a dumbfounded expression -- it is akin to asking someone when people started eating beef . For many in the city , eating dog meat is a hard habit to break , despite changing attitudes about the treatment of animals in China . Rising prices Another man at the market criticizes the media attention for increasing the price of dog meat , which has doubled since 2011 and now goes for $ 6 a kilogram . In one stall , a butcher places a gutted and skinned dog on a wired sheath and uses a blow torch to cook a delicacy known to locals as "  crispy skin dog meat . " As the shop owner butchers a another piece of dog , flecks of flesh flick onto her face . She tells CNN she 's been in the trade for over 10 years . "  This is our tradition and we are used to eating dog . It 's our culture and we wo n't change ... It 's tasty ! But we wo n't kill our pet , " she says , referring to her own dog who is cowering in the other side of the shop . Her dog tucks his head under a freezer , shielding his eyes from the carcasses of the dogs and cats hanging from hooks . Signs around the market adorned with pictures of labradors and golden retrievers advertise raw dog meat for sale , despite new government regulations that restrict this practice . Du Yufeng , a 58-year-old animal rights activists from Sichuan in southwest China , has made it her mission to stop dog meat consumption across China . Her protest in 2011 successfully ended the dog meat festival in Jinhua , in Zhejiang province -- and she has now turned her attention to Yulin . It 's her fourth year protesting at the festival , and while dog meat continues to be a tourist attraction for the city , Du feels that there is growing awareness of animal rights in this city of six million people . "  I feel like we 've had a lot of improvement in public awareness . The first time we came here in 2011 all you could hear were dogs wailing as soon as you entered into the city , " Du says , as she picks off ticks from the scruff of a black dog she rescued that morning . "  The biggest change is that the word dog on street signs have to be covered . This means the government has become aware that this needs to be canceled . Many people also realize that eating dog is not an honorable thing , " adds Du . Boycott Du is one of over 20 volunteers who have descended upon the city from the far reaches of China , to boycott the festival . Many run dog and cat shelters in their hometowns and have spent their life savings to rescue abandoned and diseased animals . But canceling the annual Yulin festival is now their main objective . Another activist , Zhao Yangsu , said this is her first year protesting against the Yulin dog meat festival . The soft spoken 59-year old , who came to the city from Chongqing , says she 's spent her retirement money , roughly $ 1,000 , to save dogs -- a fact she 's reluctant to share with her children . She and another volunteer operate from makeshift shelter on the corner of a street in Yulin , only a block from where live dogs are traded on a daily basis . Though she has come here to fight for the rights of these animals , she 's pessimistic about any meaningful change here . "  I have no hope that these people will change and our ability to make change is not significant enough , " Zhao says . "  We have to go through the government to create some laws to protect these animals , but there are no laws and our ability to do anything is insignificant . " Yang Yuhua , a 64-year-old retired steel worker , has also spent her life savings protecting street dogs and cats in Chongqing , and now she says she does n't even have money to charge her phone . Yang was cradling a dead puppy when CNN arrived at the makeshift shelter . She says the puppy was born after they had rescued a pregnant dog and this one did not make it . Almost all the dogs appeared injured , disfigured and diseased . "  What we need the most now is medicine , but it 's the most expensive thing , " Yang says as as she tears up . Many of the dogs in her care are in desperate need of antibiotics to fight off infection , but the volunteers do n't know where to find them in the city . Together , the activists say they 've saved more than 400 dogs this year alone in Yulin -- yet this number will be dwarfed by the number of animals likely to be slaughtered for food at the festival . Asked what makes this different from eating beef or pork , Du Yunfeng 's answer is unequivocal . "  You can not categorically say that all animals should either be eaten or not eaten , " she says . "  Every animal has their its own value and worth . For example , grass-eating animals are meant to be supplied to humans . But these companion animals , such as dogs and cats , they are meant to contribute to human production -- such as drug-sniffing dogs or watch dogs , "  So eating these animals compared to eating pork and lamb are two different things . Their value is not the same . " Smugglers drive Thailand 's grim trade in dog meat In 2011 : Animal rights group rescues 800 dogs from China meat trade	Yulin 's annual dog meat festival draws controversy Animal rights advocates want people to stop eating dog meat Defenders say eating dog meat is like eating beef
CNN  -- The global H1N1 pandemic is over , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization said Tuesday . "  We are moving out of the pandemic into the post-pandemic period , " said Margaret Chan , director-general of the WHO . Chan said that while several countries -- including India and New Zealand -- are still experiencing significant H1N1 flu transmission , out-of-season flu outbreaks are no longer being reported in the northern or southern hemispheres . "  This pandemic has turned out to have been much more fortunate than what we feared a little over a year ago , " Chan told reporters in a news conference Tuesday . She attributed the end of the pandemic to several factors : that the virus did not mutate to a more lethal form , the H1N1 flu vaccine proved to be a good match and widespread resistance to the antiviral drug Tamiflu did not develop . "  This time around , we have been aided by pure good luck , " Chan said . The WHO announced the global H1N1 pandemic June 11 , 2009 . A pandemic is a sudden outbreak of a disease that is spread by human transmission , which quickly becomes widespread and affects a large region or several countries . The CDC in Atlanta , Georgia , said the U.S. Public Health emergency for H1N1 ended on June 23 of this year . H1N1 is no longer the dominating flu strain . Chan said health officials are now seeing a mixed virus pattern : In addition to the H1N1 strain , an H3N2 flu strain and Influenza B virus also are circulating . All three strains are included in the upcoming seasonal flu vaccine . So H1N1 is not gone , but as the WHO explains , the flu activity health officials are now seeing is typical seasonal flu activity . The CDC statement came after an emergency committee of the WHO said Tuesday the public health emergency triggered by the emergence of the H1N1 virus "  should be considered over . " The committee advised Chan "  that the world was no longer experiencing an influenza pandemic , " the organization said in a statement . CNN "  s Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	World Health Organization chief says the global H1N1 pandemic is over Chan says out-of-season flu outbreaks are no longer being reported in the northern or southern hemispheres Several countries - including India and New Zealand - are still experiencing significant H1N1 flu transmission WHO said other flu viruses are circulating , making for a "  typical " flu season
Washington  CNN  -- "  I am not a member of any organized political party , " Will Rogers once joked . "  I am a Democrat . " Plenty has been written on the current fight for the soul of the Republican Party . But as President Barack Obama unofficially rings in the sixth year of his administration with Tuesday 's State of the Union address , another intriguing struggle may be emerging -- between moderates and progressives on the Democratic side . It 's not a divide on a par with the cavernous pre-New Deal divisions of Rogers ' day . Not even close . But it is taking on growing importance as Democrats , frustrated with unyielding Washington gridlock on virtually every major issue , start to look past the current administration . More specifically , as Democrats look toward the future , there 's sharp disagreement over whether to stick with a Bill Clinton-style centrist agenda or embrace the unabashed left-wing populism most notably personified by Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and New York Mayor Bill de Blasio . "  We are seeing a split in the Democratic Party between self-described progressives and the old guard , " Brown University political scientist Wendy Schiller told CNN . "  If you dig deep , you see that these are old dividing lines based on economics , region , and culture . " Policy ramifications aside , more liberal Democrats worry that a return to Clinton-era centrism will deflate the party 's base . More moderate Democrats fear a full embrace of Warren - and de Blasio-style liberalism will herald a return to the party 's McGovern-Mondale-Dukakis era political wilderness . Whichever side wins this fight , one thing is already clear : Six years after flocking to the banner of Obama 's "  hope and change " candidacy , a lot of progressives are disappointed in the current Democratic administration . "  It 's a mixed legacy , " said Adam Green , head of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee , a Washington-based liberal group . "  In some areas , like ending two wars ,  Obama 's  presidency has represented a return to some sanity . But on the core issue of corporate power and a government that fights for the little guy , this administration so far has had a lot of missed opportunities . " Hillary Clinton 's Iowa problem Among other things , Green criticized Obama for going along with "  watered down Wall Street reform " and "  a Republican version of health care reform . " Susan Schorin , a 68-year-old political activist from Virginia , told CNN she is particularly disappointed with Obama 's willingness to consider changes to Social Security that could lead to a reduction in future benefits . "  I feel betrayed , " said Schorin , a member of Green 's organization and a volunteer for the Obama campaign group Organizing For America . Obama "  was so enthusiastic and identified with saving these programs for people who really need them . He was extremely verbal about it . " Obama 's a "  great man , " Schorin insisted . But he "  turned his back on me and on all of the people that voted for him on that promise . " On the other side , the president and vice president of the centrist think tank Third Way published an op-ed in The Wall Street Journal in December warning that de Blasio - and Warren-style liberalism would be "  disastrous for Democrats . " 5 things about New York 's new mayor "  While New Yorkers think of their city as the center of the universe , the last time its mayor won a race for governor or senator -- let alone president -- was 1869 , " they wrote . And "  what works in midnight-blue Massachusetts ... has n't sold on a national level since  JFK 's election in  1960 . " Warren : End ` Too big to fail ' In another dig at Warren , they argued that plans to boost Social Security benefits are "  exhibit A of this populist political and economic fantasy . " One week later , Warren fired off a letter to the heads of six major banks , pushing them to disclose any contributions the banks may have made to think tanks . "  Shareholders have a right to know how corporate resources are spent , and , even more importantly , policymakers and the public should be aware of your contributions and evaluate the work of the think tanks accordingly , " she wrote . Meanwhile , with Obama 's last campaign now well behind him , several left-leaning groups that had previously kept quiet for the sake of the President 's re-election are now echoing Green 's criticism and bucking the administration on a number of issues . Earlier this month , a coalition of 18 environmental organizations sent the White House a letter warning that Obama 's "  all of the above " energy strategy -- one that embraces so-called "  green energy " and more domestic extraction of traditional fossil fuels -- is unacceptable for those sounding the alarm about climate change . "  An ` all of the above ' strategy is a compromise that future generations ca n't afford , " the letter declared . "  It increases environmental injustice while it locks in the extraction of fossil fuels that will inevitably lead to a catastrophic climate future . " Liberal groups made their displeasure clear last year when Obama considered Larry Summers -- a key member of Bill Clinton 's economic team -- to head the Federal Reserve . Obama ultimately went with Janet Yellen . A number of progressive leaders also pushed back against Obama 's proposed airstrikes in Syria , and made clear their unhappiness with the recent budget deal that froze spending on key liberal domestic priorities . Obama , who originally emerged from the more liberal wing of the Democratic Party , appears sympathetic at least to the economic populism arguments . In a speech in December to the left-leaning Center for American Progress , the President made clear that America 's growing wealth disparity would be a focus of his remaining time in office . "  Increasing inequality is most pronounced in our country and it challenges the very essence of who we are as a people , " he declared . Obama says income gap eroding American dream While divided Democrats will soon begin their search for a new standard-bearer , political observers warn not to make too much of the differences now bubbling to the surface . "  Both parties have a far greater degree of programmatic consensus than they did 40 or 50 years ago . This is one reason why the parties have polarized and why it is often difficult to achieve bipartisan compromises , " noted George Washington University political scientist John Sides . "  The differences between Obama , Hillary Clinton , Warren  and others  are mostly at the margins , " he argued . "  There is far more agreement than disagreement on the fundamental issues . " De Blasio and the Clintons : The ties that bind ? "  By their nature , political parties are coalitions of mostly like-minded voters and groups , " Johns Hopkins University political scientist Adam Sheingate added . "  It 's not uncommon for there to be differences on policy issues within the coalition , or a range of opinions on issues that span part of the political spectrum . " Regardless , Schiller argued that the financial demands of modern presidential campaigns may ultimately spell defeat for de Blasio - and Warren-style economic populism . The political war over poverty "  There is a strong voice within the Democratic Party that believes Barack Obama has not done enough to protect the average working voter , " she said . "  For now Elizabeth Warren personifies that voice , but when the pressure to raise really big money for 2016 rears its ugly head  and  the Democrats need to be competitive for Wall Street money , her voice may very well get drowned out by the pragmatic wing of the party . " Schiller also noted that around the dawn of the last century , the Republican Party wrestled with a similar split on economic issues . The outcome of that struggle eventually helped fuel decades of dominance for Franklin Roosevelt 's New Deal coalition . "  History tells us that danger lurks for both the Democrats and the Republicans if they fail to heal their internal divisions , " she warned .	Dems disagree over whether to stick with centrist agenda or embrace left-wing populism Obama "  so far has had a lot of missed opportunities , " progressive leader says When 2016 rolls around , pragmatists might drown out progessives , expert says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Katherine Jackson does n't celebrate Mother 's Day or birthdays for religious reasons . But Michael Jackson 's mother , who turns 81 on May 4 , said she does believe in the tradition of sending flowers to a loved one . "  It means love , ' I was thinking about you today , so I 'm sending you these flowers , ' " Jackson said . "  Sometimes when you might be feeling down and you get some flowers , it perks you up . " Jackson , who rarely gives interviews , spoke to CNN about the Katherine Jackson Flower Collection , which launches Tuesday on SendHerFlowers.com , just in time for Mother 's Day . "  Flowers make me feel happy , " she said . While Jackson was eager to talk about flowers -- her favorites are red and yellow roses -- she was reluctant to speak on the record about what has made her feel sad lately . Perhaps she would have the strength later to talk about her differences with the men who now control her late son 's estate or the upcoming trial of the doctor charged in his death , but not yet , Jackson said . She dreads sitting in court for Dr. Conrad Murray 's involuntary manslaughter trial , which is set to last two months starting May 9 , she said . But she will be there , listening to testimony about how her son died . The judge has already ruled that prosecutors can show photographs from his autopsy . "  A mother 's job is never done , " Jackson said . With the camera turned off , her frustration with the news media 's coverage of the singer 's life and death and of her family emerged . For example , Katherine and Joe Jackson have sometimes been described as estranged . But after 61 years of marriage , they are still a couple in love , she said . Her husband spends most of his time at the Las Vegas home given to them by daughter Janet Jackson , but it 's not unusual for her to drive across the desert to spend a few days with her husband . Joe Jackson often travels to Los Angeles to stay with his wife . They sit together in court , sometimes holding hands . She recently moved from the Encino mansion that was the Jackson family home for four decades and into a newly built mansion on a hilltop in Calabasas . Although the Hayvenhurst home is being remodeled , she hinted that she 's not moving back . With the camera turned back on , Jackson , who raised nine children and is now caring for Michael Jackson 's three children , shared advice about motherhood . She called it "  the most important thing in the world . " "  One thing about mothers -- they have to really be there for their children when they need her , " she said . "  They should be there at all times and know where your children are at all times . You must make your ` yes ' mean ` yes ' and let your ` no ' mean ` no . ' That 's really the way to bring your children up . " It 's the mother who holds the family together , she said . "  Yes , she 's the glue that keeps the family going , " Jackson said .	"  A mother 's job is never done , " Katherine Jackson says Singer 's mother launches her flower collection online "  Flowers make me feel happy , " she says She dreads the trial of the doctor charged in her son 's death
A naturalized U.S. citizen from Somalia was convicted Thursday of plotting -- unsuccessfully -- to bomb a Christmas tree-lighting ceremony in Portland , Oregon , more than two years ago . A federal jury in Oregon capped a 14-day trial by finding Mohamed Osman Mohamud , 21 , guilty of one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction , namely explosives . Mohamud is scheduled to be sentenced May 14 . He faces up to life in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . "  When an individual concocts a plan to commit mass violence -- and is determined to follow through -- law enforcement has an obligation to take action to protect the public , " said Lisa Monaco , a U.S. assistant attorney general . Mohamud was a 19-year-old Oregon State University student when he was arrested on November 26 , 2010 , for trying to blow up what he believed to be an explosives-laden van parked near a holiday event in Pioneer Courthouse Square , authorities said . The bomb -- which Mohamud described that day as "  beautiful , " according to his arrest affidavit -- was actually fake , thanks to federal agents involved in the extensive undercover operation . Born in Mogadishu in 1991 , Mohamud moved to the United States and became a naturalized U.S. citizen , settling in the northeastern Oregon city of Corvallis . Years before he enrolled at Oregon State University , he 'd started thinking -- at age 15 , according to the U.S. Justice Department -- of taking part in a violent jihad . In February 2009 , he began exchanging the first of about 150 emails with Samir Khan , a now deceased al Qaeda member who published two online publications tied to the terrorist group , Jihad Recollections and Inspire . According to the Justice Department , Mohamud wrote several articles under assumed names for the former publication . The Oregon resident began communicating electronically in August 2009 with another accused terrorist , Amro Al-Ali .  Al-Ali is now being held in his native Saudi Arabia on terrorist charges , federal authorities said . The two discussed Mohamud 's possible travel first to Yemen , then to Pakistan 's northwest frontier province , for terrorist training . "  Yes that would be wonderful , just tell me what I need to do , " Mohamud wrote back in December 2009 , the affidavit stated . That trip never happened , despite Mohamud 's efforts to contact intermediaries to facilitate it . But he was reached in summer 2010 by a man who , unbeknownst to him , was an undercover FBI employee . "  Mohamud said that he wanted to become ` operational , ' " the affidavit said in describing Mohamud and the federal agents ' conversations . The FBI probe moved to another level , including several discussions and trips involving Mohamud and undercover agents . On November 4 , 2010 , on the way back from a trial run to a remote location to detonate a bomb , he was asked what he hoped would happen to those attending the Portland holiday ceremony , a family event that includes men , women and children . "  I want whoever is attending that event to leave ... either dead or injured , " Mohamud said , the affidavit states . Having already canvassed to the area to find a spot to inflict the most casualties , Mohamud got what he believed to be a live bomb from the undercover agents . But the device was inert , and after his second attempt to detonate it , Mohamud was taken into custody . "  This trial provided a rare glimpse into the techniques al Qaeda employs to radicalize home-grown extremists , " said Amanda Marshall , U.S. Attorney for Oregon . "  With the verdict today , the jury has held this defendant accountable . "	Mohamed Osman Mohamud said he wanted people to leave the lighting "  dead or injured , " an affidavit says A jury convicts Mohamud , 21 , of trying to use a weapon of mass destruction He was arrested in 2010 for allegedly trying to bomb a Portland tree lighting Authorities tied Mohamud to several alleged terrorists , said he wanted to be part of "  jihad "
Boko Haram is an Islamist militant group waging a campaign of violence in northeastern Nigeria , particularly in the states of Borno , Yobe and Adamawa . The group 's ambitions range from the stricter enforcement of Sharia law -- which is derived from the Koran as the "  world of God " -- across the predominantly Muslim north of Nigeria , to the total destruction of the Nigerian state and its government . The Nigerian government is struggling to control the bloodshed between the mainly Muslim north and Christian south that has claimed more than 3,000 lives since Boko Haram came to prominence in 2009 , according to Human Rights Watch . Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International have also accused Nigeria 's military of committing atrocities against civilians . After raising concerns with Nigeria 's foreign minister last May , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said : "  The government has acknowledged that there have been some problems ... they 're working to try to control it . " Days after a deadly attack on a college in northeastern Nigeria , which the military suspects may have been committed by Boko Haram , we look back at the past year of attacks blamed on -- or claimed by -- the group . February 26 , 2014 : At least 29 students die in an attack on a federal college in Buni Yadi , near the the capital of Yobe state , Nigeria 's military says . Authorities suspect Boko Haram carried out the assault in which several buildings were also torched . February 15 , 2014 : Dozens of residents in northeastern Nigeria are killed in two separate attacks launched by Boko Haram , according to officials and residents . They say scores of militants dressed in military uniforms storm the Christian farming village of Izghe , in Borno state , and open sporadic fire on residents , killing at least 106 people in an attack specifically targeting male residents . In the second attack , suspected Boko Haram gunmen open fire on Doron Baga , a fishing village along Lake Chad . "  They opened fire from all directions , forcing residents to jump into the lake in a bid to escape , and many drowned while others were gunned down , " a survivor says . February 11 , 2014 : Suspected Boko Haram militants torch houses in the village of Konduga , killing at least 23 people , according to the governor of Borno state . January 26 , 2014 : Militants open fire on a village market and burn homes in the village of Kawuri , killing at least 45 people , Borno state police commissioner Lawan Tanko says . Tanko says the suspected Boko Haram members were on all-terrain vehicles and shot at people while traders were closing shop for the day . December 2 , 2013 : Hundreds of Boko Haram militants attack an Air Force base and a military checkpoint in the northeastern Nigerian city of Maiduguri , according to government officials . November 13 , 2013 : French priest , Georges Vandenbeusch , is snatched from his parish church in Nguetchewe , Cameroon , about 11 kilometers  7 miles  from the Nigerian border . He is released at the end of the year . October 20 , 2013 : Gunmen suspected of being members of Boko Haram attack motorists in northeastern Nigeria , killing four , authorities say . A Nigerian Army spokesman says the men -- dressed in military clothing -- launched the attack on a remote road in between Ikwa and Gamboru-Ngala in Borno State , close to the border of Cameroon . September 29 , 2013 : Gunmen approach a dormitory at the College of Agriculture Gujba in Yobe state and open fire on sleeping students . At least 40 students die , local media says and a military spokesman says the evidence points to Boko Haram . August 11 , 2013 : Gunmen attack a mosque in Konduga , Borno state , with automatic weapons , killing at least 44 people , a local police official says . July 6 , 2013 : Gunmen storm a school in Yobe state , killing 20 students and a teacher , state media reports . June 2013 : An attack on another Yobe school takes the lives of seven students and two teachers , state news reports . Boko Haram claims responsibility , according to local media . May 7 , 2013 : Two soldiers are killed in Bama , Borno state , during coordinated attacks on multiple targets . Nigeria 's military says more than 100 Boko Haram militants armed with machine guns , rocket-propelled grenades and anti-aircraft weapons mounted on vehicles carried out the attack . President Goodluck Jonathan says dozens of people were killed and police say at least 13 suspected militants were among the dead . February 19 , 2013 : A French family of seven is kidnapped in Cameroon . Boko Haram releases a video of the hostages in which a spokesman demands that Nigeria and Cameroon free jailed members of its group . The family was later released .	Nigeria is battling an Islamist insurgency that has claimed 3,000 lives since 2009 Boko Haram is fighting for stricter Sharia law in Nigeria 's predominately Muslim north Nigeria 's military suspect Boko Haram was behind an attack on a college this week At least 29 students were killed and several buildings torched in the Buni Yadi attack
CNN  -- Turkish troops backed by air support attacked Kurdish rebels Friday in northern Iraq , the Turkish military said . Turkish tanks on the move near the border town of Silopi in Sirnak province , southeastern Turkey . At least 24 suspected Kurd militants were killed , the Turkish military reported , adding it suffered 5 casualties . The incursion against the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  in Iraq began around 7 p.m. Thursday . In a statement , the Turkish military said it would act with "  utmost sensitivity in order to avoid negative impact on local elements " -- a reference to keeping civilians out of the conflict . "  The Turkish Armed Forces , which values Iraq 's territorial integrity and its stability , will return as soon as planned goals are achieved , " the military said . "  The executed operation will prevent the region from being a permanent and safe base for the terrorists and will contribute to Iraq 's stability and internal peace . " Turkey has been taking cross-border military action , including airstrikes and artillery shelling , against the PKK in retaliation to attacks by the group on targets in Turkey from bases in the Kurdish region of northern Iraq . The PKK has spent two decades fighting for autonomy for Kurds in southeastern Turkey . Turkey has also been carrying out small ground operations into Iraq , forays characterized as "  hot pursuit " incursions with a few hundred commandos responding to a particular threat . Citing Turkish media reports estimating that as many as 10,000 Turkish troops had been involved , Fadi Hakura , an analyst with UK military thinktank Chatham House , said the operation was the first major incursion by Turkey into Iraq since Hussein was toppled in 2003 . Hakura said the Turkish military wanted to conduct a surprise attack against the PKK prior to the springtime , when violent attacks tend to escalate , and when the snow in the mountainous border region leaves the fighters ' footprints . "  Normally during the 1980s and the 1990s , the incursions involved 35,000 50,000 troops and they tended to be somewhat open-ended over weeks . This one is expected to be limited to a matter of days and targeted attacks against the PKK , " he said . U.S. officials were downplaying the scope of the operation Friday . Tom Casey , deputy State Department spokesman , said Iraqi Foreign Ministry Hoshyar Zebari called the incursion "  limited in nature " and not "  major . " "  The PKK is a common enemy of the U.S. , Turkey and Iraq . We need to work together to resolve it , " Casey said . "  We are pleased that Turks have stressed that they will do everything possible to avoid acts that would harm civilians . " Rear Adm. Gregory Smith , a spokesman for the U.S. military in Iraq , told CNN the military is "  aware " of a Turkish "  operation of limited duration to specifically target PKK terrorists in that region . " "  Turkey has given its assurances it will do everything possible to avoid collateral damage to innocent civilians or Kurdish infrastructure , " Smith said . The ground troops ' deployment followed cross-border shelling early Thursday by Turkish soldiers into abandoned villages north of Irbil -- the capital of Iraq 's Kurdish Regional Government . The shelling , which struck abandoned villages in the Khwar-Kork area north of Irbil , lasted two hours and was followed by heavy gunfire , a KRG official told CNN . There were no reports of casualties . Border tensions have been a source of diplomatic disagreement between the U , S. and its Iraqi and Turkish allies . U.S. and Iraqi authorities have been concerned that any large-scale operation by Turkey into Iraq to chase down Kurdish rebels could destabilize the region . At the same time , the U.S. backs Turkey 's efforts to battle the PKK , which both countries regard as a terrorist group and has been providing intelligence to the Turks . "  The United States continues to support Turkey 's right to defend itself from the terrorist activities of the PKK and has encouraged Turkey to use all available means , to include diplomacy and close coordination with the Government of Iraq to ultimately resolve this issue , " Smith said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paula Hancocks , Zain Verjee and Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Turkish military launches a ground operation in northern Iraq against Kurdish rebels Operation continues recent Turkish attacks against PKK militants based in Iraq The PKK has previously launched attacks on targets in Turkey Spokesman says U.S. military "  aware " of a Turkish operation of limited duration
London  CNN  -- Another day , another story about Prince Harry . The party-loving grandson of Queen Elizabeth II has been exposed again , this time naked , playing strip billiards flanked by an equally naked girl . But what makes this story interesting -- and not just gratuitous tittle-tattle -- is the initial reluctance of the British press to even report the story in print or on their online digital media . It seems patently absurd to me that millions around the world can view the photographs online , yet no British newspaper would touch them . The big question is why ? When grainy photographs were first published on the net by TMZ and seen by millions , the palace were forced to confirm it was him in the photos after speculation about the identity . In doing so his PR team reminded media outlets in the UK that the pictures were taken in a hotel suite where the prince would have had a reasonable expectation of privacy . Naked Harry scandal a watershed moment for UK press This was a sharp move , given that every editor in this land would know that Clause 3 of the Press Complaints Commission Editor 's Code of Practice states : "  It is unacceptable to photograph individuals in private places without their consent . " To publish in a UK tabloid then would be a clear breach . But the newspapers have been left impotent by this move . They have again been scooped by the digital media . This is a dangerous precedent and in my view tantamount to returning to the good old , bad old days of royal reporting when in 1936 American and European newspapers freely reported on the affair of King Edward VIII and Mrs. Simpson while an establishment deal meant nothing was reported in the British newspapers . Censorship of that royal story helped create the hysteria around the abdication crisis , polarizing opinion and may even have led to an atmosphere where the king felt he was forced to choose between love and duty . More importantly , surely -- like then -- the British paying public has a right to know what their royal family is up to . But post-Leveson -- the inquiry established in the aftermath of the News International phone-hacking scandal first revealed after both Princes William and Harry 's phones were targeted -- no editor seemed , initially at least , is prepared to risk the backlash . Amid all the media navel-gazing there seems to be a genuine fear that the press feels it is no longer drinking in "  The Last Chance Saloon " but time has already been called . Embarrassing pics could harm a soldier 's career several ways But this latest naked Harry scandal is a watershed moment -- a moment when it is fair to ask : "  Who is wagging the dog ? " When I was a reporter on the tabloid Sun newspaper in 1991 old photos were circulated of Prince Andrew naked . Like Harry he was a playboy prince , dubbed "  Randy Andy " by the tabloids . The then-Sun editor Kelvin MacKenzie bought the pictures and simply ran them across a double page inside spread  with a crown jewel sticker to spare the prince 's blushes  and waited for the reaction . The reaction was MPs huffed and puffed their outrage in parliament and sales of the newspaper went up . I understand as we go to publication that Fleet Street  as the national UK national newspapers are still collectively referred to  has woken up to the story . Picture desks were today busy negotiating for the pictures and new snaps in circulation . Even if they do publish it is clear that the online media is calling the shots -- forcing the papers to react when in the past it was always the newspapers that led . A tale of two brothers In these times with newspaper sales figure nose-diving it is critical for them to decide are they leaders or followers . Restricted by their own rules it leaves them exposed , giving the impression that they are slow to react . The problem newspapers face is that a new generation want news now , unrestricted and immediate . If they do not want to lose touch with that generation of readers altogether they have to at least compete with social and new media . As for Prince Harry , I do have sympathy for him . He has been betrayed by somebody and caught with his guard down . He could argue that he could expect privacy in his own hotel room , but the truth is he should have known that Las Vegas is not a place where you can expect anything other than trouble -- especially if you are one of the world 's most famous people . He has been let down before -- who can forget the Harry the Nazi photos , again taken on a phone by somebody in a private venue . He could blame his protection team , I really do not understand why the S014 officers did not ask the girls for their mobile phones on security grounds . But in truth the only one who has let any one down is Harry . How ` soldier prince ' Harry tore up royal rule book I know he is young , free and single -- but he is a prince with responsibilities . He is bright enough and should have learned from his mistakes . The shame is that he had turned the corner . He represented his grandmother admirably at the Olympics Closing Ceremony and on a recent tour this year to Jamaica . If the royal family is to be streamlined -- with Harry as one of the central public players -- he really has got to be more cautious about the company he keeps .	Prince Harry pictured naked , playing strip billiards flanked by an equally naked girl UK press reluctant to report story in print or on online digital media , says Robert Jobson Jobson : Problem for newspapers is that new generation wants news now Equally , Harry really must be more cautious about the company he keeps , Jobson says
Last week , Jason Collins was n't even on an NBA team . In two weeks , he might not be on one . But for now , Collins -- the first openly gay , active player in the United States ' four big sports leagues -- is , by jersey sales , the NBA 's most popular player . NBA Senior Vice President Vicky Picca said Tuesday that Collins ' No. 98 Brooklyn Nets uniform is the top-seller on NBA.com , besting the likes of LeBron James , Kevin Durant and Blake Griffin . The interest is coming from the fans Collins has earned since announcing last year , when he was still unemployed , that he was gay . "  Jason Collins ' return to the league represents a historic moment , and fans continue to show their support by  buying  Jason 's jersey , " said Picca . Not bad for a player who , just last week , inked a 10-day contract with the Nets . And the Stanford graduate hardly dominated in his lone game back on the court , going scoreless while compiling two rebounds and five personal fouls in a win over the Los Angeles Lakers . In fact , Collins had never been a headline player . A journeyman with stops with New Jersey , Memphis , Minnesota , Atlanta , Boston and Washington , he 's known more for his defensive prowess and rebounding than his offensive output , having averaged 3.6 points per game over his 12-year career . The warm reception he received during and after that game from his teammates , competitors like Kobe Bryant and league officials reflects more on Collins ' reputation as a player and person around the league , as well as his historic announcement . "  I know everyone in the NBA family is excited for him and proud that our league fosters an inclusive and respectful environment , " said NBA Commissioner Adam Silver after Collins ' signing last Sunday . Whether Collins stays around remains to be seen . At age 35 , he 's not bringing fresh legs to Brooklyn . And the team has no obligation to keep him on the roster . Still , whether or not he 's a go-to player , Collins has very much become a symbol for the gay rights movement since disclosing his sexuality in an April column in Sports Illustrated magazine . "  I did n't set out to be the first openly gay athlete playing in a major American team sport . But since I am , I 'm happy to start the conversation , " he wrote . "  I wish I was n't the kid in the classroom raising his hand and saying , ` I 'm different . ' If I had my way , someone else would have already done this . Nobody has , which is why I 'm raising my hand . " There 's no escaping the symbolism in his jersey number : He chose 98 in honor of Matthew Shepard , the gay University of Wyoming student beaten to death in 1998 . The news that the Nets jersey was selling so well  despite the fact that Collins has n't even worn it yet , having at first donned a No. 46 for the Lakers game  struck a chord online . Some on Twitter praised the development , like one who wrote , "  He 's a piece of history , and this is really significant for a lot of people . " Many others , though , were less enthusiastic -- including some who used gay slurs and suggested Collins was profiting because he is gay .  In fact , NBA players do n't get more or less money based on how many of their jerseys are sold .  Some questioned why Collins was being held out as an icon while , in their view , athletes who publicly profess their Christianity are criticized . A few people questioned the jersey sales not because of Collins ' sexuality , but because of what they considered his sub-par play . "  Jason Collins ' jersey was actually a top-seller ? " tweeted one . "  Wow ... I mean I 'm glad he came out and all but #CmonMan . "	NBA veteran Jason Collins announced last April that he was gay After being out of work all season , he recently signed with the Nets His Brooklyn jersey is now the top-seller on the NBA 's website
Washington  CNN  -- Long before computers or televisions existed , a man who would become a U.S. senator and then president started an affair with his neighbor 's wife . Even telephones were relatively new back then , so Warren Harding wrote Carrie Phillips smoldering love letters during their 15-year relationship that ended prior to his inauguration in 1921 . "  I love you more than all the world , and have no hope of reward on Earth or hereafter , so precious as that in your dear arms , in your thrilling lips , in your matchless breasts , in your incomparable embrace , " said a 1910 letter first revealed in the book "  The Harding Affair " by James David Robenalt . Snail mail Almost a century later , the snail mail between Harding and Phillips becomes fully public later this month , revealing the most intimate secrets and thoughts of a man destined for the pinnacle of power as America endured the First World War . In his book , Robenalt examines the possible historical impacts of the affair , noting that Phillips may have spied for Germany and influenced Harding against running for president in 1916 as the war approached . "  The Harding Affair " "  There 's that sex steamy side to these letters , " he told CNN in an interview Monday . "  But there 's also the big question of whether the United States should get involved in the First World War . They really debated that back and forth . She was really pro-German , he was very pro-American . " Of equal interest , especially in the modern era of celebrity scandal mongering , is the pure salaciousness of the letters ' content . "  They really are very graphic love letters , " said Robenalt , who came across them while researching his 2009 book . "  And people think that 100 years ago nobody had sex fantasies and I keep telling people if those people did n't have sex fantasies , we would n't be here today . " Keeping such a secret seems impossible in today 's digitally monitored world . Not so back in 1905 , a decade before the first coast-to-coast long distance phone call . Salacious details As outlined by Robenalt 's book , Harding was married at the time and serving as Ohio 's lieutenant governor . He recommended that his friend and neighbor Jim Phillips , Carrie 's husband , go to a sanitarium that spring to help recover from the death of their 4-year-old son a year earlier . Meanwhile , Harding 's wife Florence was recovering from a kidney disease . By August , Harding 's affair with Carrie commenced , though it only became physical three years later , according to Robenalt 's book . "  I do love you so , " he wrote in 1913 , two years before his election as Republican senator from Ohio . " I wonder if you realize how muchâ $ " how faithfully , how gladly , how reverently , how wistfully , how whole-heartedly and how passionately . Yes , you do know the last , you must have felt the proof , but you ca n't know the others . " The same letter also showed Harding 's concern about the affair being discovered , long before the Internet age . "  I have been thinking of all those letters you have , " wrote , adding that "  I think you have a fire , chuck 'em ! Do . You must . If there is one impassioned one that appeals to you , keep it until you are tired of it , but chuck the rest . Why it frightens me to think I ever dared mail them to your address . " By 1916 , circumstances had changed , according to another letter . From "  enraptured bliss " to "  depths of anxiety " "  It is a little more than thirty-six hours since I saw you , and they have all been given to you , amid the perturbation I could not shake off , " Harding wrote after what Robenalt said was a secret visit to Phillips in Marion , Ohio . "  If you designed to punish me you have succeeded fully , " the letter continued . "  I came with heart a hungering , I knew the flight to enraptured bliss , and was then suddenly plunged to the depths of anxiety . " The problem ? Someone named Robinson , described by Robenalt as a rival lover , came to Marion . "  I had feared for a year , but would not surrender , " Harding 's letter continued . "  I know now of my failure . I sought the impossible , and I am defeated . " Robenalt noted the influence of the pending war at that time . "  He ultimately voted for war , " the author said of Harding . "  He knew that it would probably ruin their relationship , and kill him politically in a state that had a lot of German-Americans . " The affair ended four years later , as Harding ran for president in an election he won easily over Democrat James Cox . He did n't survive his first term , dying of illness in 1923 . In a recent statement , the Library of Congress announced it would make the more than 1,000 pages of love letters public on July 29 , with a discussion about them scheduled for July 22 in the Mumford Room of the James Madison Building in Washington . Photos : Presidential inaugurations and oaths through history CNN 's Paul Steinhauser , Sherisse Pham and Kimberly Berryman contributed to this report .	Coming soon : love letters between Warren Harding and his mistress The 15-year affair ended before Harding became president in 1921 Harding 's letters show the politician 's passionate side A book on the affair examines its possible historical impact
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- A court in Dubai has sentenced two Britons to three months in prison for having sex on a public beach in the Muslim country . File image of one of the co-accused -- Vince Acors -- arriving at court in Dubai in September . After they complete their sentence , the pair will be deported . They also have to pay a 1,000 dirhams  $ 367  fine for public indecency . Police charged Michelle Palmer , 36 , and Vincent Acors , 34 , with illicit relations , public indecency and public intoxication after their arrest at a beach shortly after midnight on July 5 . Both denied that they had intercourse . "  The public  prosecutor  failed to produce corroborative evidence against my clients concerning having consensual sex and committing indecent gestures in public , " said the pair 's lawyer , Hasan Mattar . He said the pair will appeal the verdict . Watch how case stirs up Dubai 's bar scene " The United Arab Emirates  UAE  -- where Dubai is located -- is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate Gulf states . Still , the oil-rich Gulf kingdom adheres to certain Islamic rules . More than a million British visitors traveled to the UAE in 2006 , and more than 100,000 British nationals live there , according to the British Foreign Office . The country is in the midst of a building boom to position itself as one of the world 's premier tourist destinations . It is already home to the world 's largest mall , the world 's largest tower , and -- despite being in the Middle East -- boasts the largest indoor snow park in the world . -- CNN 's Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	The two Britons will be deported after they complete their sentence The pair were arrested at a Dubai beach shortly after midnight on July 5 They were charged with with illicit relations , public indecency , public intoxication Although a relatively moderate Gulf state , Dubai adheres to certain Islamic rules
CNN  Astronauts on the International Space Station will make a spacewalk Sunday despite the appearance of water inside an astronaut 's helmet after a spacewalk earlier this week , NASA reported Friday on its website . NASA said the suit worn by NASA astronaut Terry Virts has a history of "  sublimator water carryover . " Water in the sublimator cooling component can condense when the suit is repressurized after a spacewalk , causing a small amount of water to push into the helmet , NASA said . NASA said International Space Station managers had "  a high degree of confidence " in the suit . On the upcoming spacewalk , Virts and Barry Wilmore will install antennas to provide data to visiting vehicles and deploy 400 feet of cable along the edge of the station . Virts said he first noticed traces of fluid and dampness in his helmet Wednesday while he was waiting for the crew lock cabin to repressurize in the International Space Station . He and Wilmore had been outside the space station for nearly seven hours working on the station 's robotic arm and performing some maintenance . Virts immediately alerted fellow astronaut Samantha Cristoforetti about the water and she alerted Mission Control in Houston . Cristoforetti helped Virts out of his helmet and examined it . She confirmed the presence of moisture , mostly in the helmet absorption pad , or HAP , describing it as "  wet and cold . " At the request of Mission Control , Anton Shkaplerov used a syringe to draw as much water as he could from the top of the helmet . Water had collected in the white plastic at the top and around both ear cups . Shkaplerov estimated there was 15 milliliters of water in the helmet . That 's a far cry from the amount of water that accumulated in Luca Parmitano 's suit during a spacewalk in July 2013 . Between 1 and 1.5 liters of water backed up in the suit and helmet , prompting fears Parmitano could drown in his own helmet . The spacewalk was cut short and NASA implemented some changes to its suits , including the addition of absorbent padding in helmets . There was another intrusion of water into the helmet during another spacewalk on December 24 , 2013 . NASA commentator Rob Navias said it was noticed at the same point in the mission as Wednesday 's leak -- during the repressurization of the crew lock , the area from which astronauts enter and exit ISS while in space .	NASA says International Space Station astronauts will make a spacewalk on Sunday Astronaut Terry Virts found a small amount of water inside his helmet this week
CNN  -- As millions of students across the world go back to school this month , 178 students from 49 countries will turn on their computers and step onto the virtual campus of the world 's first global , tuition-free online university . Lessons in learning : University of the People is hoping to use the power of social networks to expand education . Called University of the People , the non-profit , California-based endeavor comes from Israeli entrepreneur Shai Reshef who says he founded the school to provide higher education to those who might otherwise never have access to it . "  Our mission is to change people 's lives , " said Reshef , who also is the chairman of Cramster.com , an online study community for college students . Starting in 1989 , Reshef served as the head of Kidum Group , an educational services company based in Israel , which he sold to Kaplan , one of the world 's largest test preparation companies , in 2005 . He also chaired an online university affiliated with the University of Liverpool . "  We want to be an option for people who do n't have any other option , " he said . There has been no shortage of interest . Since the school started enrolling students in April , nearly 2,000 people from 142 countries have applied . Reshef says the online institution will need 15,000 students over the next four years in order to be sustainable and will need $ 6 million to fund the venture , of which $ 1 million he will provide . To attend , students must have a high school diploma , speak English and pay admission fees ranging from $ 15 to $ 50 , with those from poorer countries paying less and those from richer countries paying more . Students will also have to pay to take exams . In all , it will cost around $ 4,000 for students to complete their studies and gain a qualification . The school initially will offer bachelor 's degrees in business administration and computer science . Curriculum consists of around 40 courses , which will take between four and six years to complete . This year 's freshman class includes pupils ages 16 to 61 . Indonesia has the highest number of students enrolled , followed by the United States , Brazil and Nigeria . Now that University of the People has proven it can recruit students , the next challenge it faces is whether it can keep them enrolled . "  That is a concern , " said Reshef . "  One of the main issues with online universities is retention . " While e-learning has been booming in recent years -- in 2007 , nearly 4 million students in the U.S. took at least one course online , according to the Sloan Consortium , a nonprofit dedicated to integrating online learning into higher education -- a challenge educators often face is how to keep students engaged in virtual classrooms . Make it social To try to solve this problem , the University of the People is turning to an activity that already keeps millions of people occupied on the Internet everyday : social networking . The University of the People 's staff of volunteer and retired professors will post readings and lectures in an online repository for students to retrieve and study . Materials come for free from other universities via platforms such as the Open Courseware Consortium , which provides open access to the syllabi , lecture notes , exams and reading lists from 1,800 classes offered at MIT . The university will also use course material from Yale University , said Reshef . "  Basically what we do is we take everything that is out there and bring it together , " he said . After the students complete their homework , it is mandatory for them to link up with classmates online to discuss the week 's curriculum . Unless a student needs special help , teachers will supervise discussions rather than lead them , said Reshef . "  We believe the social networking we build around our programs will serve as a cement to keep students with each other and stay in our program , " said Reshef . "  We are fitting the current culture into the academic culture . " However , online education experts are raising questions , particularly surrounding whether University of the People can become accredited . To achieve accreditation , a college must prove it can meet a number of quality assurances set forth by an accrediting body , including breadth and depth of coursework and student test results . Reshef said the university would apply for accreditation with an agency in the U.S. but declined to disclose further plans . "  We are not making any promises , " he told CNN . John Bourne , executive director of the Sloan Consortium , believes the University of the People may face problems . "  Can you accredit something where students are learning themselves from materials ? Maybe , " he told CNN . "  Testing outcomes capability -- what students can do or how well students test -- may be a way the University of the People can succeed in its model . "  If that works , then that would be evidence accreditation might be warranted . I still think it will be hard . " New ways to learn However , there is evidence that could work in favor of the University of the People 's cause . A recent study conducted by the U.S. Department of Education found that "  on average , students in online learning conditions performed better than those receiving face-to-face instruction . " "  The current methodology is based on the lecture , and that is a thousand-year-old model that is completely inappropriate with the new generation , " Don Tapscott , author of "  Grown Up Digital : How the Net Generation is Changing Your World " , told CNN . "  If it is shown that there are better models of learning than the current model , then the credentialing function of the old model will be weakened , " said Tapscott . "  The Internet is a new mode of production . It was inevitable that peers would come together and create an online university . " Other organizations are also experimenting with Web 2.0 platforms , like social networking sites and blogs , to tap into the ways in which younger generations are wired to the web . In January , Nature Education , launched Scitable , a social network platform around an online encyclopedia of freely-published scientific articles . Like Facebook , Scitable users create personal profiles . Unlike Facebook , members share information about genetic research instead of exchanging vacation pictures . Nature Education started the venture in an attempt to reignite student interest in science , said Vikram Savkar , publishing director of Nature Education , who noted that 40 percent of students in the U.S. who start college studying science end up switching majors by the time they graduate . "  One of the things we recognized is the materials being provided are not adequate for younger generations who are growing up in a world where information is dynamic , shareable and bite-sized , " said Savkar . "  We are creating a global classroom for science and allowing people to freely collaborate . We want to put high quality teaching and learning materials into the hands of anybody and everybody who wants to become a scientist , " he added . "  Sharing data and sharing ideas and coming up with joint conclusions is at the heart of how science works . It is about leveraging each other 's knowledge and abilities . "	University of the People launches to provide tuition-free online degrees New venture uses social networks as key to learning Difficulties of accreditation face University of the People E-learning has been booming and peer-to-peer study formats growing
CNN  -- In 1981 , James Brady was shot in the head and gravely wounded in a shooting that also wounded President Reagan -- despite their both being surrounded by plenty of extremely well-trained "  good guys with guns . " At that time , federal law set conditions , such as a felony conviction or being involuntarily hospitalized for a mental illness , that prohibited a person from possessing firearms . The 1968 Gun Control Act had established record-keeping requirements and regulated interstate transactions of firearms , but there was no federal law requiring proof from a prospective buyer that he or she was not prohibited from possessing firearms . It was , in essence , an honor system . You could purchase as many firearms and as much ammunition as you liked , as long as you signed a form stating that you did n't meet any of the disqualifying conditions . While James Brady started his long road to recovery from his brain injuries , he and his wife , Sarah , began what has been a three-decade endeavor to strengthen America 's gun laws and prevent others from becoming victims of gun violence . The Bradys and the organization they have helped lead have been successful in : -- Expanding disqualifiers for firearm possession to include perpetrators of domestic violence -- Advancing laws to prevent gun violence at the state level -- Litigating legal cases to protect the public from unsafe business practices in the gun industry -- Educating the public about how to protect children from being shot But Brady 's best-known legacy will be the federal law he championed and that bears his name , the Brady Gun Violence Prevention Act . The Brady Act was a huge leap forward toward fulfilling the objectives of the Gun Control Act of 1968 : keeping guns from dangerous people . It required licensed gun dealers to submit information on the identity of prospective gun buyers to the FBI , which could then determine through searches of databases of criminal records whether the purchaser was prohibited . Through this law , millions of prohibited buyers have been identified and prohibited from purchasing firearms from licensed dealers . What impact the Brady Law has had on public safety is debatable and , in my opinion , very difficult to assess . Because some states had background check requirements in place before the Brady Law , one way to estimate the policy 's effects is to contrast changes in homicide trends in these states at the time the law was implemented with changes over the same period in states newly implementing background checks for sales by licensed gun dealers . But the accuracy of the estimates depends on having states that are similar except for the policy change or having states with similar crime trends before the law was implemented . If the pre-law trends differ between those sets of states , you must control for those differences . Those conditions have n't been met in studies of the Brady Law . But I believe the Brady Law is the foundation upon which we should build a complete system for vetting all firearms transactions to keep guns away from people identified by laws as being too dangerous to possess them . Some consider background checks for all gun sales a pipe dream , based on the flawed logic that gun laws wo n't work when criminals do n't obey them . This argument ignores the important linkages between legal and illegal gun markets and what research has shown about the ability of sensible regulations to prevent diversions of guns into the illegal market . We ca n't directly observe a homicide prevented because of background checks , but we can see what happens in their absence . After Missouri repealed its system for vetting all handgun sales through a permit to purchase background check system in 2007 , firearm homicide rates increased sharply while rates declined nationally and in states surrounding Missouri . A study that I conducted to assess the effects of this policy change controlled for a host of other factors that might explain Missouri 's spike in gun homicides and determined that Missouri 's repealed handgun purchase permit law was associated with nearly 50 additional homicides per year . The last 33 years of James Brady 's life were marked by courage and perseverance , not only to regain what gun violence had taken from him , but to curb the nation 's extraordinary high level of gun violence . He has been an inspiration to many who are committed to completing what he started , so we can have far more effective policies for keeping guns from dangerous people . If his vision of a comprehensive background check system is realized , we will have many fewer lives lost and damaged by gun violence .	Daniel Webster : In 1981 , when James Brady was shot , buying guns relied on "  honor system " He says you only had to sign form saying law did n't prohibit you from owning firearms Brady Law helped fulfill goal of Gun Control Act , to keep guns from dangerous people , he says Webster : Its effect on public safety unclear , but background checks help
CNN  -- Firefighters gained ground in recent days in the battle with a wildfire that burned 84 buildings and blackened 28,000 acres of dense forest in northern California . The Ponderosa fire , which is in a remote area of Shasta County , California , is just one of 42,750 wildfires that have burned 6,901,035 acres in the United States this year , according to the National Interagency Fire Center . The fire , ignited by lightning five days ago , was 57 % contained by Thursday , allowing some families forced from their homes to return , fire officials said . The Ponderosa fire still threatens 900 homes , forcing those residents to evacuate . Nearly 2,500 people , equipped with 263 firetrucks and 11 helicopters , are involved in the effort to stop the Ponderosa fire . Fires rage on Canary Islands Shasta is one of three northern California counties for which Gov. Jerry Brown has declared states of emergency because of wildfires this week . The other counties included in the declaration , which makes emergency funding available to fight the blazes , are Plumas and Tehama . In Plumas County , the Chips fire has burned 63,147 acres , most of it in the Plumas National Forest . The 1,146 personnel fighting it have managed to gain 40 % containment , according to officials . "  Today 's mission is clear : hold , hold , hold , " Operations Section Chief Rob Laeng told firefighters at their morning briefing Thursday . Wildfires spread in Greece In Tehama County , the battle is almost over against the Mill fire . It is 95 % contained after 1,680 acres burned , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . A fire that has burned nearly 100,000 acres , mostly managed by the U.S. Forestry Service , in northern Idaho is still just 5 % contained three weeks after it began , officials said . The Trinity Ridge fire threatens the community of Featherville , but efforts to create a buffer for the area have been "  very successful , " according to a statement on the fire 's incident website .	California 's Ponderosa Fire burns 84 buildings and threatens 900 homes Gov. Jerry Brown declares states of emergency in 3 California counties because of wildfires "  Today 's mission is clear : hold , hold , hold , " chief tells firefighters battling California 's Chips Fire 42,750 wildfires have burned 6,901,035 acres in the United States this year , fire center says
CNN  -- The wait is nearly over in a close-knit Manchester , New Hampshire , community with ties to South Sudan . Mariam Yehya Ibrahim , the Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death in Sudan because of her faith , arrived in Rome on Thursday with her husband Daniel Wani , an American citizen who has lived in Manchester , the baby girl she gave birth to while in prison , and her toddler son . The family , which met with Pope Francis in Vatican City , is expected to the travel to the United States . "  I was crying , " Gabriel Wani said of the predawn phone he received from his brother Daniel the other day . "  He said they were coming to New Hampshire . This is his place now . " The family 's plight has long been a topic of prayer meetings and Sunday sermons , dinner-table talk and pleas to members of Congress from people in a city that has learned to embrace newcomers . Since Thursday , southern Sudanese people have been stopping by Gabriel Wani 's home in Manchester , where he lives with his wife and their three daughters , with words of support . "  A lot of people have been waiting for them , " Wani said . "  The whole community wants to welcome them . " ` Everybody comes following someone else ' In 1998 , Daniel Wani , his brother Gabriel and sister Mary were among the first southern Sudanese refugees to resettle in Manchester . Manchester -- with a population of about 110,000 , the largest city in northern New England -- has long served as a resettlement site for refugees from dozens of countries who have been scattered throughout the United States by the State Department . Since the late 1990s , more than 500 people from what is now South Sudan were resettled in New Hampshire , the majority of them in Manchester , according to refugee advocates . Newcomers included southern Sudanese children taken as slaves during the country 's most recent civil war along with a handful of the thousands of orphaned and displaced children , known as the "  Lost Boys , " who trekked hundreds of miles to neighboring countries to escape the violence . "  Everybody comes following someone else , " said Monyroor Teng , pastor of the Sudanese Evangelical Covenant Church , who arrived in Manchester in 2004 after spending three years as a refugee in Egypt . The church is hosting a welcoming reception for the family , said Zakaria Aging , who came to the United States from Sudan in 2000 . Members of southern Sudanese community were also planning to greet them at the airport . "  I do n't have any words right now , " Aging said . Italy steps in to help A court in Sudan overturned Ibrahim 's death sentence a few weeks ago , but police arrested her again June 24 when she and her family tried to leave Sudan to go to the United States . Police accused her of falsifying travel documents in an attempt to fly to the United States with her family . They were taken into custody at the airport in the capital , Khartoum . The family had been confined to a safe house in Sudan until this week , when they traveled to Italy . A Sudanese Islamic jihadist group on Monday released a statement threatening Ibrahim , vowing to carry out what it said was the justified death sentence against her . Italy 's Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs Lapo Pistelli said his country became involved because it was moved by Ibrahim 's story . Italy maintains good relations with Khartoum and offered to help the U.S. Embassy there speed up the process of getting U.S. passports for Ibrahim and her family , the minister said . Gabriel Wani remembered speaking to his brother by phone Wednesday and being told , "  We 're still waiting . We do n't know what 's going on . " The next day , Daniel Wani called with the news : "  We 're out of the country . " "  I could n't believe it , " Gabriel Wani said . Pistelli said it was unclear how long the family will stay in Rome before traveling the United States because of passport procedures . Ibrahim 's ordeal started when a Muslim relative filed a criminal complaint saying she had married Wani , a Christian , after going missing for several years . A Sudanese court considered Ibrahim a Muslim because her father was Muslim . She was charged with adultery on grounds that a Muslim woman 's marriage to a Christian man is illegal in Sudan . Ibrahim also was charged with apostasy , accused of illegally renouncing what was alleged to be her original faith . In May , while about eight months pregnant , she was convicted . In chains , Ibrahim gave birth about two weeks later in a women 's hospital in Khartoum . Ibrahim had been detained since mid-January . She refused to let go of her 20-month-old son Martin for fear she would never see him again . At Ibrahim 's sentencing , a sheikh told the court "  how dangerous a crime like this is to Islam and the Islamic community , " said attorney Mohamed Jar Elnabi , who represented Ibrahim . "  I am a Christian , " Ibrahim fired back , "  and I will remain a Christian . " Ibrahim was born to a Sudanese Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox mother . Her father left when she was 6 years old . She was raised by her mother as a Christian . Her father was Muslim , so the courts considered her the same , which would mean her marriage to a non-Muslim man is void . Daniel Wani is board chairman of the South Sudan Community of New Hampshire , a nonprofit that provides translators , basic English classes , tutoring for children and outreach services . "  His plan all along was to bring his family to New Hampshire , " Gabriel Wani said .	New Hampshire city awaits Mariam Yehya Ibrahim and her family Plight of the Sudanese Christian woman sentenced to death touched Manchester Her husband , Daniel Wani , is an American citizen He was one of the first South Sudanese refugees to resettle in Manchester
CareerBuilder  -- College majors are a funny thing . Some students know exactly what they want to major in before they even start the school year . Others do n't declare until a year or so down the road . Some choose one knowing they could potentially earn a lot of money . Others follow in their parents ' footsteps . The list goes on . Our advice has always been to earn a degree in something that will lend itself to a career path that you can be passionate about . It can be uncommon , broad , challenging . As long as you love it , and can find some type of career doing it , go for it . We took a look at the most popular college degrees , defined here as the number of degrees conferred in any given major . Business was the most popular degree in 2007-2008 , according to the 2010 Digest of Education Statistics from the U.S. Department of Education . Of the 1,601,368 bachelor 's degrees awarded by degree-granting institutions , 346,972 were for degree in business , management , marketing and related support services . Here 's how other popular degrees broke down : Social sciences : 133,789 Health professions and related clinical sciences : 120,488 Education : 101,708 Visual and performing arts : 89,140 Engineering and engineering technologies : 84,636 Communication and communication technologies : 83,109 Biological and biomedical sciences : 80,956 If you 're thinking about earning your bachelor 's degree in any of the above fields , here are some possible careers that line up with market demands : Business Career : Market researcher A bachelor 's degree is often adequate for entry-level jobs , but you may need a higher degree for advancement and more technical positions . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 28 percent from 2008-2018 Career : Human resources analyst A lot of schools do n't offer specific programs for human resources , so many employers look for college graduates with a technical or business background or a well-rounded liberal arts education . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 22 percent from 2008-2018 . Biology Career : Forester A bachelor 's degree in forestry , biology , natural resource management , environmental sciences , or a related field is the minimum educational requirement for a forestry career . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 12 percent from 2008-2018 . Career : Zoologist A bachelor 's degree in biology is generally sufficient for a career in zoology . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 13 percent from 2008-2018 . Social Science Career : Social worker A bachelor 's degree in social work is most common to get a job in social work , but majors in psychology , sociology or a related social science may qualify for some entry-level jobs . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 16 percent from 2008-2018 . Career : Urban and regional planner Graduates with a bachelor 's degree in urban planning qualify for some entry-level positions , but they will most likely need a higher degree to advance . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 19 percent from 2008-2018 . Visual and Performing Arts Career : Graphic designer An associate or bachelor 's degree is needed for entry-level positions in interior design . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 19 percent from 2008-2018 . Career : Interior designer A bachelor 's degree in graphic design is often required for most graphic design positions . Bachelor 's degree programs in fine arts or graphic design are offered at many colleges , universities and private design schools . Job prospects : Employment is expected to increase approximately 13 percent from 2008-2018 . SOURCE : U.S. Department of Education , National Center for Education Statistics .  2010  Digest of Education Statistics , 2009  NCES 2010-013 . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	College students may pick a major that that line up with market demands Social Sciences majors are the most popular , followed by health professions Biology majors can expect zoologist and forester careers to be on the rise Market research is a viable career option for current business majors
CNN  -- DNA evidence links Jesse Matthew , a suspect in this month 's disappearance of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham , to the death of Virginia Tech student Morgan Harrington , who disappeared in 2009 , a law enforcement source told CNN Monday . And state authorities are checking other unsolved homicide and missing person cases for possible connections . Virginia State Police had said earlier that the two cases were connected by a "  forensic link " but did not elaborate . Almost from the start , speculation was raised about the possibility of a connection between Graham 's disappearance and Harrington 's death . "  Certainly the question has arisen . It 's certainly a legitimate question , " Charlottesville Police Chief Timothy Longo told reporters last week . In a statement , James L. Camblos III , Matthew 's lawyer , said he met with his client for 2Â 1/2 hours Monday but declined further comment . "  Because everything is under seal , I have not been provided with any evidence that links him to either of these cases , " he said , referring to Graham and Harrington . Matthew will have a bond hearing on Thursday . In addition , authorities said they are studying other unsolved homicide and missing person cases in Virginia : In Campbell County , the sheriff 's office is investigating a possible link to the case of Cassandra Morton , whose body was found in a wooded area near Lynchburg in November 2009 ; in Orange , police are checking for possible ties to the missing person case of Samantha Ann Clarke , who was last seen September 13 , 2010 ; and in Montgomery County , the sheriff 's office is looking for possible links to the unsolved 2009 shooting deaths of two Virginia Tech students , Heidi Childs and David Metzler . Harrington was a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student when she went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Her remains were found on a farm months later . No arrests have been made in Harrington 's case , and the cause of her death is still under investigation . Parents : ` This person might be involved ' in Morgan Harrington 's murder Graham , a student at the University of Virginia , was last seen September 13 in an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . Police have asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of Graham , 18 , who was a second-year student at the university . Where is Hannah Graham ? Investigators say they believe Matthew was the last person with Graham . He is charged with abduction with the intent to defile in the case , according to Charlottesville police . The last major development in the Harrington case came in 2010 , when her slaying was connected to the kidnapping and sexual assault of another woman in Fairfax , Virginia , in 2005 . That woman , who survived her ordeal , was able to provide police with enough of a description to make a sketch . That sketch is the closest thing to resolution that Harrington 's family has had . Police at the time did not give the name of the woman who gave the description and said only that "  forensic evidence " linked the two . Hannah Graham disappearance suspect questioned in 2002 alleged rape case The revelation that Matthew may be linked to Harrington 's death , and the fact that Harrington 's death was linked to the kidnapping and rape of the woman in Fairfax , raises even more questions . Police have not publicly connected the dots except to say that Matthew 's arrest has given them a break in the investigation of Harrington 's death . Matthew was being held in isolation in a Virginia jail . CNN 's Pam Brown and Mary Kay Mallonee contributed to this story	NEW : Authorities check other unsolved cases for possible ties Hannah Graham , a student at the University of Virginia , went missing last month Police have Jesse Matthew in custody as a suspect in Graham 's disappearance DNA links the same suspect to 2009 case of Morgan Harrington , source says
Editor 's note : Since 2007 , CNN and CNN.com have followed the story of Youssif , an Iraqi boy disfigured when he was burned by attackers . Today , CNN 's Arwa Damon catches up with the boy and his family , now living in California where Youssif is undergoing treatment . Today Youssif goes to school in California and continues to have treatment to help his scars . LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Youssif stands on stage beaming as he belts out "  Jingle Bell Rock , " his tiny burned hands waving in sync with his classmates at Hamlin Street School . His mother , Zaineb , stands at the back , cradling his little sister , Aya , tears rolling down her face . "  I am so proud of him , " she says . "  It reminds me of what he was like in Iraq when he used to sing in kindergarten . I felt for a moment that none of this had happened . My son was back , without fear , strong . " Youssif spots us , and waves wildly . Little appears to remain of the sullen and withdrawn dark-eyed boy we first met in Baghdad more than a year ago . It has been almost two years since masked men in Baghdad doused Youssif , then just 4 years old , in gasoline and set him on fire . His mother still does n't sleep at night . "  I still blame myself . I should have protected him . Sometimes I say to myself that I wish it had happened to me , just not to him . " Zaineb says , her voice starting to quiver . "  If only I had n't let him go out to play that day . " Today Youssif plays freely , without fear . "  Let 's race " he shouts to his friend Brandon as the two boys dash across the schoolyard . A couple of minutes later the two are playfully jostling over a rubber ball . Youssif shrieks and bursts into laughter as the two play catch . "  It 's like this weight has been lifted off of me , off of him , " his father , Wissam , says . "  It 's like we 've left this dark , depressing state where we were consumed by Youssif and the attack that had happened . You know , it 's so hard to see a child , my child , go through something like this . When I see him like this , I feel like he 's coming back . " Watch more on Youssif 's recovery " After CNN and CNN.com first reported Youssif 's story in 2007 , more than 12,000 CNN.com users contributed to a fund set up by the Children 's Burn Foundation of Sherman Oaks California , enabling the boy and his family to travel to the United States for treatment . Youssif has undergone more than a dozen surgeries . Much of the thick scar tissue around his eyes , mouth and nose -- left by his treatment in Baghdad -- has been removed . He currently has yet another tissue expander in his left cheek , intended to stretch out "  good skin " to be used to replace his scar tissue . Youssif has grown used to the sometimes painful treatments . "  When I started this process of tissue expansion , I would have to chase him around the room , " Dr. Peter Grossman , Youssif 's surgeon , tells us as he injects more liquid into the expander . "  We 'd need three people to hold him down for these injections . " Youssif will probably have many more surgeries stretched out over time . "  The problem we have with Youssif is that every operation we do tends to heal well after surgery , but then a month after , he starts to form these really thick scars , " Grossman said . "  It 's probably best at this time to let his body relax , let these scars mature over a period of a year or two years . " Today , Youssif grimaces in pain but braves it alone , refusing to take his father 's hand . "  Seven or eight times put water , " Youssif says back at home , explaining how the tissue expansion works . "  I am not scared . It goes here , " he says pointing to the scarring over his lip . He 's not all that interested in talking about medical procedures . "  When I sharpen this it broke , " he says , trotting over with his new pencils . We all smile . "  You cut it like this " he orders , handing me scissors and what is meant to be a snowman he 's just drawn . A few moments later I am being berated for coloring "  wrong . " "  Great , I am taking orders from a 6-year-old " I think to myself , laughing . Keely Quinn with the Children 's Burn Foundation comes by for an extra reading lesson . They are reading one of the "  Five Little Monkeys " books , Youssif 's favorite . By the time I join them on the couch , Youssif 's got Dr. Seuss ' "  Foot Book . " "  What 's the biggest change you 've seen in him in the last year ? " I ask her . Youssif pipes up , reading , "  Small feet , big feet . " "  Aside from reading and learning English , " Keely says as we 're both laughing . "  I think it 's the change in confidence , in his ability to handle himself in social situations . He 's worked really hard in saying good morning to his teachers , saying hello back , answering questions and just gaining social confidence . " He 's thriving at school , loving the first grade . "  He 's amazing , " his teacher Mario Daley says . "  I work with children of all levels of ability , and Youssif , with what he 's gone through , his motivation , what he produces is fantastic . He just tries so hard . " Before the attack , Zaineb says , Youssif wanted to be a doctor . Now he says "  I want to be a doctor to help burned Iraqi children . "	Youssif continues to be treated in California for his burns , scars He is enrolled in school and learning English More surgeries lie ahead Boy was doused with gasoline , set on fire by masked men in Baghdad
United Nations  CNN  -- The United Nations is trying to put sexual violence on the international policy map , telling political and military leaders that wartime mass rape "  is no more inevitable than , or acceptable than , mass murder . " Rape is being used by armed groups to reignite flames of conflict and to terrorize and humiliate communities in Africa , according to Letitia Anderson , women 's rights specialist with the U.N. 's Action Against Sexual Violence in Conflict initiative . The U.N. is monitoring five countries closely because of sexual violence in conflicts . The five are the Democratic Republic of Congo  formerly Zaire  , Liberia , the Darfur region in Sudan , Chad and Cote d'Ivoire  formerly Ivory Coast  . But it 's not just Africa at which the U.N. is looking ; it 's cross-regional , Anderson told CNN . She said armed groups are branding the bodies of women and children with signature patterns , as cattle are branded , in places such as Congo , leaving scars so that their families and community members know they are victims of aggravated sexual violence . U.N. officials cite not just the mass scale of such crimes , but the horrific nature of the crimes as well . "  Many are child soldiers , and they maybe have to rape their mother or their siblings and then kill them afterwards , " said Margot Wallstrom , the U.N. secretary-general 's special representative on sexual violence in conflict . There have been no reparations for survivors in Africa because of the complete collapse of the legal system during conflicts , Anderson said . Wartime rape "  is one of the great peace and security challenges of our time , " she said , but added it "  has been the least condemned and most silenced war crime . " Wallstrom told reporters recently that in modern war , "  rape is not a side effect , but it is actually a new frontline . " U.N. action on that frontline has included a 2008 Security Council unanimous adoption of a resolution acknowledging rape as a tactic of war and an impediment to peace . With the U.N. 's Action Against Sexual Violence in Conflict initiative , U.N. representatives have tried to put sexual violence in the spotlight . In May , Wallstrom took the U.N. 's message to the Democratic Republic of Congo where , she said , more than 200,000 women have been raped in the past 12 years of conflict She visited Liberia in June and learned rape is still the No. 1 reported crime . One government survey in a Liberian county in 2005-2006 found that 92 percent of 1,600 women interviewed reported that they had experienced some form of sexual violence , including rape . Tackling stereotypes about the crime of rape will help ease the shame many societies attach to rape , and initiating discourse is the first step "  to break the silence , " she said , repeating a well-known phrase among anti-rape advocates worldwide . Her message is motivated by the women and children she 's met , Wallstrom said , adding , "  Survivors are their own best advocates . " "  The word ` woman ' is not synonymous with ` victim ' or ` vulnerable , ' " Wallstrom added . "  The women that I 've met in the DRC , in Liberia , are agents of recovery and change . " As the U.N. initiative works to fight against wartime rape and to protect victims of that crime , Wallstrom sees her own U.N. role in a highly personal perspective . "  I 'm responsible not only to the secretary-general and Security Council , " she said , "  but above all , to the survivors of this soul-shattering crime . "	Wartime rape is "  the least condemned and most silenced war crime , " U.N. official says U.N. initiative aims to put sexual violence in conflicts on international policy map U.N. is monitoring five countries because of sexual violence in conflicts In Congo , more than 200,000 women have been raped in 12 years of fighting , U.N. says
NEW YORK  CNN  -- A nude photograph of pop singer Madonna was sold for $ 37,500 Thursday afternoon at a Christie 's Art House auction . Christie 's auctioned this nude photo of Madonna  partially shown  taken by Lee Friedlander for $ 37,500 . The photo , originally expected to go for between $ 10,000 and $ 15,000 , was purchased for more than double its original estimated selling price , a Christie 's spokesperson confirmed . The 13-inch by 8 5/8 - inch framed photograph was purchased by an anonymous bidder over the phone . The full frontal photograph was one of several taken by American photographer Lee Friedlander in 1979 . Madonna , then a cash-strapped student , received $ 25 for the entire photo shoot . Most of the pictures from the shoot were ultimately featured in Playboy magazine in 1985 .	Nude photograph of Madonna taken when she was student in 1979 Lee Friedlander pic sold by Christie 's for $ 37,500 Anonymous bidder made purchase over the phone
CNN  -- FIFA has written to the Nigerian Football Federation to seek clarification over reports that lesbians have been banned from playing in the West Africa nation . A spokesperson for the world governing body told CNN Friday that a letter had been sent requesting more information . "  This is not a FIFA investigation , but a preliminary step , fully in line with how any normal procedure would be conducted by FIFA 's Disciplinary Department , " the spokesperson said . "  Until we establish more details , we can not speculate on any sanctions , or indeed any next steps . " Earlier this week , reports in Nigeria quoted Dilichukwu Onyedinma , head of the country 's women 's football league , who said lesbian players should be ostracized . "  Any player that we find is associated with it will be disqualified , " she was quoted as saying . "  We will call the club chairmen to control their players , and such players will not be able to play for the national team . " Her reported comments drew a storm of protest for Gay Rights campaigners , and a number of groups said they had written to FIFA president Sepp Blatter about the alleged ban . "  The organizations expressed their concern about reports that the Nigerian Football Association has banned lesbians from football in the country , " the Federation of Gay Games website reported . "  This follows reports that the coach of the Nigerian team participating in the 2011 FIFA Women 's World Cup in Germany explained that she had excluded players presumed to be lesbians from the team . "  Given the inaction of FIFA following that situation , and the flippant response from FIFA to concerns over their decision to host future World Cups in homophobic countries , the organizations sending this letter believe that FIFA must now take firm action or confirm its reputation as a homophobic organization , in contradiction to its bylaws and the Olympic Charter . " Article 3 of the FIFA Statutes threatens stiff punishments for individuals or national federations if the code , which focuses on discrimination and racism , is broken . "  Discrimination of any kind against a country , private person or group of people on account of ethnic origin , gender , language , religion , politics or any other reason is strictly prohibited and punishable by suspension or expulsion , " it reads . Any action which FIFA might choose to take could be complicated by Nigerian law , under which homosexuality is already illegal .	FIFA writes to Nigerian federation over "  lesbian ban " World governing body seeking more information Reports claim lesbians to be outlawed from national league Homosexuality is already illegal in Nigeria
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Tanks , troops and police pushed through the streets of two shantytowns in northern Rio de Janeiro Sunday in a move to retake control of some of the city 's most crime-ridden areas . In the predawn operation , state authorities targeted the slums , or favelas , of Jacarezinho and Manguinhos with more than 2,000 military troops and police . They have a larger long-term goal : securing 40 slums before the World Cup in 2014 , and keeping them safe for the Olympics two years later . Police said they seized automatic weapons , guns and grenades and arrested dozens of people in a series of slum raids over the weekend . There were no reports of deaths or injuries Sunday . On Saturday , police said five suspected drug dealers were killed during a slum raid . Police have already taken over about 30 favelas since they began operations in 2008 , but it 's an uphill battle . About one-fifth of Rio 's residents live in the city 's 1,000 shantytowns , many of them perched on steep hills overlooking beachside condominiums . Jacarezinho and Manguinhos are smaller favelas , far from tourist hotspots , but they became centers for organized crime and drug dealing after other slums were taken over by police . Sunday 's operation there stands in stark contrast to the invasion of the Alemao favela in 2010 , when more than 30 people were killed in shootouts . Police now announce days in advance when they 're going to go into a community , to avoid major violence . But critics say it simply gives criminals a chance to escape to another slum , or the suburbs . Authorities said they planned to set up a "  police pacification unit " in Manguinhos by December , and in Jacarezinho by January . Three years ago , they took a similar approach in the notorious Cidade de Deus , or City of God , slum where military police backed by the army seized control from drug traffickers . "  They were abandoned for 40 , 50 years , " said Maj. Bruno Xavier of the police pacification unit there . "  You ca n't recover that in three years . " But now , Xavier told CNN last month , they plan to prove to the slum 's 40,000 residents that they 're here to stay .	Two slums are targeted in an operation aimed at cleaning up crime before the World Cup More than 2,000 police and troops push through the streets of two shantytowns There are no reports of deaths of injuries
CNN  -- A Nigerian immigrant is responsible for paying child support for twins conceived through in vitro fertilization with his wife -- even though the procedure took place at least a year after the couple had separated , Massachusetts ' highest appeals court has ruled . The court said Tuesday that because the husband , Chukwudera B. Okoli , had originally consented to the artificial insemination procedure , he is now responsible for the payments as the twins ' legal and biological parent , according to court documents . Okoli had argued that the agreement should be void because he had consented under duress . He said his ex-wife , Blessing , threatened to obstruct his U.S. citizenship application if he did not consent , the documents said . The two were married in Boston in 1991 and tried unsuccessfully to have children . They were eventually placed on a waiting list for donor eggs to pair with sperm that Okoli had donated . Though they separated in 2000 , donor eggs became available in November of the following year . Blessing Okoli then acquired the husband 's consent to begin the in vitro procedure at a fertility clinic in Boston . Their twins were born May 12 , 2003 . Court documents did not indicate Okoli 's current immigration status .	Twins were conceived through in vitro fertilization a year after the couple had separated The husband , an immigrant , argued he 'd consented to the procedure under duress He said his wife threated to obstruct his U.S. citizenship application A court rules that as the biological and legal father , he is responsible for child support
Milwaukee , Wisconsin  CNN  -- President Barack Obama , in a bid to create jobs and boost economic growth , called on Congress on Monday to pass a $ 50 billion plan to renew the country 's transportation infrastructure . His address was the first of two speeches the president is scheduled to make this week to frame his administration 's ongoing response to the recession , less than two months ahead of midterm elections in which Democratic majorities in the House and Senate are in jeopardy . "  Today , I am announcing a new plan for rebuilding and modernizing America 's roads , and rails and runways for the long term , " said Obama , who spoke on Labor Day in Milwaukee , Wisconsin -- a state with competitive gubernatorial and U.S. Senate races . "  We used to have the best infrastructure in the world . We can have it again , " he said to loud cheers from a crowd of union workers . The proposal envisions -- over a six year period -- rebuilding 150,000 miles of roads , 4,000 miles of rail and 150 miles of airport runways . It also would include modernizing the nation 's air traffic control system in an effort to reduce delays and travel time . "  This will not only create jobs immediately . It 's also going to make our economy hum over the long haul , " said the president . Obama hopes to work with Congress to enact an up-front investment of $ 50 billion -- an amount a White House statement said would represent a significant chunk of new spending on infrastructure . The investment would then be paired with what the administration called a framework to improve transportation spending . The long-term plan would include the establishment of an Infrastructure Bank , which would leverage federal dollars and focus on projects that could deliver the the biggest bang for the buck , Obama said . The president stressed the need for Democrats and Republicans to work together on the transportation initiative , which would need to be approved by Congress . Congress returns from recess next week and will likely be in session for less than a month before leaving Washington for midterm elections . On Monday , before Obama 's speech , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , criticized the plan and said Americans do not want to pay want higher taxes . "  A last-minute , cobbled-together stimulus bill with more than $ 50 billion in new tax hikes will not reverse the complete lack of confidence Americans have in Washington Democrats ' ability to help this economy , " he said in a statement . Obama is focused this week on the economy , after a week in which his administration concentrated on Middle East peace talks and the end of America 's combat role in Iraq . Senior aides have said the president recently asked his economic team to come up with various proposals he could roll out to show he 's working hard to kick-start growth . Ideas have included more federal spending on infrastructure projects and tax cuts popular with the business community , such as a permanent extension of the research and development tax credit . However , a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation survey released Friday suggests the White House still has work to do to win over the American public . Nearly six in 10 respondents disapproved of Obama 's track record on the economy , which is the No. 1 issue in the minds of Americans . On Wednesday , the president is scheduled to deliver an economic speech in hard-hit Cleveland , Ohio -- a state that has competitive U.S. House and Senate races that will help determine control of Congress . CNN Senior White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .	NEW : The plan would rebuild roads , rails and runways Obama delivers his remarks at a Labor Day event in Wisconsin The president 's plan would need Congressional approval His speeches this week will focus on the economy
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Lt. Col. Greg Gadson is not a bionic man , but he does have a new set of powerful knees . Iraq war veteran Lt. Col. Greg Gadson shows off his new knees at Walter Reed Army Medical Center . Gadson , an Iraq War veteran , was wounded in 2007 by a roadside bomb and lost both legs above the knees . This week , he became the first person to receive the latest version of battery-powered prosthetic knees . Gadson demonstrated his new knees during a news conference Thursday at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington . It 's "  as if you were driving a school bus and then someone put you in a sports car -- you still know how to drive . There 's quite a different feeling , " he said . The Power Knee uses sensors  in contact with the thigh muscle , for example  to anticipate how the user will move , and then shifts itself into position . "  This is the second generation Power Knee , " says Tabi King , a spokesperson for Ossur Americas , the manufacturer . "  It uses the same type of technology , but it 's half the size , makes half the noise , is half the weight and is much more intelligent . " King says the knee is learning in real time to react to a patient so the patient does n't have to think about walking . "  There are sensors and artificial intelligence in the prosthetic that are watching what the body is doing . The biggest benefit is by doing so much work on its own , the amputee does n't have to think about movement . " Gadson , who had an older model of the powered knees , praised the latest ones . "  These knees are a lot lighter . They 're quieter and they have significantly longer battery life , " he said , adding that the batteries can last up to 16 hours . Gadson said he hopes his pioneering efforts will help others . "  If this proves to open a door for other people , that 's a tremendous feeling , a tremendous reward . I 'm not doing it for that , but I hope that this is a path for people to really expand their lives , " he said . Michael Corcoran , a prosthetist who has been working with Gadson , said he thinks prosthetics of the future will be more powerful . The first Power Knee appeared in 2006 . Corcoran expects the improved version to reach the general population in 2010 . "  It was n't designed for military use ; it was designed as a knee for everybody , " Corcoran said . "  We 're fortunate enough here to be able to put this technology to its test here at Walter Reed , but as a broader application . You know , a year would be great to see these legs on vascular amputees , because it does improve mobility . " The goal is to come up with technology that adapts to all situations , according to Col. Paul F. Pasquina , one of Gadson 's doctors . "  We try to challenge each one of our members into real-life situations where they have to use their prostheses not to just walk in straight directions , but to move in an environment that would be simulations of his home -- going up and down stairs , up and down curbs -- so we try to challenge the technology as much as possible . " Gadson is getting used to the new knees and wears them a few hours daily for now . But he has long-term goals for his new limbs . "  My expectations are that I can do whatever it is I used to do , maybe a little bit different . I have some other considerations , and if I can do those things , then I think that 's success . "	Iraq war veteran gets first set of battery-powered smart knees Sensors and artificial intelligence help knee anticipate motion and move into place Power Knee expected to hit general market in 2010 Lt. Col. Greg Gadson lost both of his legs to a roadside bomb in 2007
Washington  CNN  -- A former U.S. government scientist who served in sensitive positions on classified aerospace projects pleaded not guilty to attempted espionage Thursday . He will be held without bond pending a jury trial . Stewart David Nozette , 52 , appeared in U.S. District Court wearing a prison uniform with bold , horizontal black and white stripes . He smiled as his defense attorney greeted him , and he seemed relaxed during the proceeding . In arguing against bond , prosecutors played what they call an undercover videotape of a conversation just 10 days ago between Nozette and an agent . Nozette , sitting back in a chair or sofa at what appears to be a hotel room , is heard negotiating for a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States . "  I like the idea of an invisible identity , " Nozette was heard saying in the recording . "  Can you actually get me that , that artificial name and stuff ? " He discussed gift cards under an alias , and a "  kitty " that he could use for expenses . Prosecutors Thursday initially said they would present a witness to authenticate the videotape . But the judge accepted the government 's claim and a transcript and allowed the eight-minute recording to be played . Authorities have said in a criminal complaint that Nozette , of Chevy Chase , Maryland , tried to deliver classified information to someone he thought was an Israeli intelligence official but who was actually an FBI undercover agent . Nozette , responding on the videotape to the agent 's suggestion that arrangements would involve "  a lot of work , " told the agent , "  This is n't just , you know , a few documents . ... I 'm making a career choice . " The camera in the undercover video is positioned over that agent 's right shoulder , looking directly at Nozette . When the agent asked whether the negotiations were only for himself , Nozette said yes , and suggested his wife would not accompany him . "  She would ask too many questions , " Nozette said . The wife , Wendy McColough , was not seen in the courtroom Thursday , but had been in the spectator gallery October 20 when her husband made his initial appearance . A transcript of the undercover video came out just hours before Thursday 's proceeding . Assistant U.S. Attorney Anthony Asuncion has said evidence will show Nozette disclosed to investigators information that was "  top secret , related to our national defense , that would cause exceptionally grave damage to national security " if revealed to a foreign country . In an affidavit , the FBI sets out the case against Nozette , who received a doctorate in planetary sciences from Massachusetts Institute of Technology . Nozette had a "  top secret " clearance and served at the White House on the National Space Council for President George H.W. Bush , the affidavit says . Later , from early 2000 to early 2006 , he did research and development for the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency , the Naval Research Laboratory , and NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center , it says . The document says Nozette also acted as a technical consultant from 1998 until early 2008 "  for an aerospace company that was wholly owned by the government of the state of Israel . " The company consulted with Nozette monthly , getting answers to questions , and he received total payments of $ 225,000 , the affidavit says . In early September , Nozette was contacted by phone by an individual purporting to be an Israeli intelligence officer , but who really was an FBI undercover agent , the document says . They met in downtown Washington in front of a hotel , and over lunch , Nozette "  demonstrated his willingness to work for Israeli intelligence , " it says . The undercover agent engaged in a series of meetings with Nozette , and eventually Nozette allegedly deposited "  secret " information in a "  dead drop " post office box . Some of the information , the affidavit says , was classified as secret . The criminal complaint does not accuse the government of Israel of any violations of U.S. law . Nozette next has a status hearing November 10 at U.S. District Court , before Judge James Robertson .	Stewart David Nozette appeared Thursday in U.S. District Court Judge denied bond after seeing undercover video of Nozette and agent Nozette may have planned to leave wife behind if he fled the U.S. Nozette willing "  to work for Israeli intelligence , " complaint states
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- At least three people were killed and 174 injured during clashes in Egypt on Sunday , officials said , exactly one year after the country 's first democratically elected president came to power . Protesters took the streets , demanding the resignation of President Mohamed Morsy . His supporters also rallied at what were mostly peaceful demonstrations . However , at least one person was killed in Bani Suef , south of Cairo , when fighting broke out between the two sides , said Health Ministry spokesman Yehya Moussa . Two others were killed in Asuit , he said . All three suffered gunshot wounds . Many Egyptians worried about tensions leading to a dramatic showdown . "  Egypt is on the brink of a volcano , " government-run newspaper Al-Akhbar said . Anti-Morsy supporters divided Anti-Morsy protesters have a wide range of views on why Morsy should go and how to eject him from office . The Tamarod , or "  rebel , " campaign , a large movement led by opponents of the president , has spent months collecting signatures on a petition calling for Morsy to step down and call new elections . Organizers helped push for Sunday 's protest . But the opposition is made up of various groups and loose coalitions , and not all anti-Morsy protesters agree with the road map the Tamarod campaign is advocating . Some anti-Morsy protesters are loyal to the ousted government of Hosni Mubarak , while others want the army to intervene and lead a transition similar to the revolt that removed Mubarak from power . Applause greeted Egyptian military helicopters that flew over Cairo 's iconic Tahrir Square midday on Sunday during protests . Morsy 's opponents stood their ground in the square , where protests two years ago helped topple Mubarak 's 29-year rule . This time , they 're hoping for the same fate for Morsy , as the chant most heard in the crowd was the word "  leave . " Ordinary citizens fed up with fuel shortages , power cuts , a collapsing economy and rising crime have also joined the protests . Opinion : Get ready for Egypt 's ` second revolution ' Morsy supporters rally Morsy 's supporters , however , say the president needs more time to tackle Egypt 's problems . Supporters gathered at the presidential palace in Tahrir Square and in Rabaa Al-Adawiya Square in Cairo 's eastern suburb of Nasr City on Sunday . A sit-in that started on Friday continued in Rabaa Al-Adawiya Square , where thousands of supporters gathered in support of Morsy . Demonstrator Rifaat Ali traveled from Upper Egypt to the capital with a message to Morsy 's opponents : "  Our patience has run out . Either you back off , or the only thing left to do is attack with one fist . " The tensions were n't limited to Cairo . Protests also erupted Sunday in Suez , Sharqia , El Monofia and Gharbiya , the state-run Ahram news agency said . And in the port city of Alexandria , so many people turned out that traffic virtually came to a standstill . Fears of more violence Before the death reported Sunday , clashes had already claimed at least eight lives , including associates of the Muslim Brotherhood whose offices came under attack . Andrew Pochter , a 21-year-old American in Alexandria to teach children English , was stabbed to death Friday while watching the demonstrations , his family said . The Kenyon College student wanted to improve his Arabic before returning to the United States . "  He cared profoundly about the Middle East , " his family said . Pochter was planning a career in the region in hopes of advancing the peace process . An Egyptian man died from a gunshot wound to the head , the health ministry said . Muslim Brotherhood under fire The Muslim Brotherhood , whose leaders included Morsy before his election , has lost four members to violence in recent days . On Sunday , a spokesman for the group said that its headquarters in Cairo fell under attack from between 100 and 150 "  thugs . " They threw stones and Molotov cocktails , spokesman Gihad Haddad said . Police in charge of protecting the building abandoned it , he said . Two people were shot dead Thursday when armed men attacked Muslim Brotherhood offices in Zagazig , Morsy 's hometown , the spokesman said . The gunmen were shouting "  Down with Morsy " during the assault . State media reported that protesters demanding Morsy 's ouster ransacked the city 's offices of his Freedom and Justice Party , the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing . Hamdeen Sabahy , a leftist former presidential candidate , said he and others challenging the Egyptian government "  reject the violence ... and all the attacks on the  offices  of the Muslim Brotherhood or their party . " "  Peace is our weapon , " Sabahy said in a video message posted Saturday . He urged his followers to continue their demonstrations nationwide , saying , "  We are not fighting a rock , rather failing politics that do not meet the needs of the people . " Egyptian troops deployed to keep order after Brotherhood offices attacked Economic woes Since Morsy took office , Egypt 's already sour economy has plummeted further as investors pulled out of the country , and tourism has dropped . At the same time , crime in Egypt has spiked . Some are calling for a return to the law and order they knew under Mubarak 's autocratic rule , carried out with the iron hand of the military . Although Morsy gave a speech highlighting his achievements during his first year in office , opposition members said he did not address his shortcomings and called for snap presidential polls , a new government and constitutional amendments . Army allowed to crack down Last week , Defense Minister Abdel-Fattah El-Sisi said the army would , if necessary , "  prevent Egypt from slipping into a dark tunnel of civil unrest and killing , sectarianism and the collapse of state institutions . " His remarks raised the specter of a return to the powerful role the military played in domestic politics under Mubarak . But Morsy is not Mubarak . He was democratically elected . That fact should be respected , his supporters say . A history of violent crackdowns In the past year , about 80 people have been killed during protests and other political violence largely attributed to Egyptian security forces , Amnesty International said . The United States has approved the departure of embassy and consulate employees and their dependents because of the unrest , a senior State Department official said . The State Department warned Americans to cancel all but essential travel to or within Egypt . About 200 U.S. Marines in Sigonella , Italy , and Moron , Spain , have been put on alert as a precaution , according to two Obama administration officials . Ben Wedeman , Reza Sayah , and Salma Abdelaziz reported from Cairo ; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Amir Ahmed , Sima Shelbayah , Greg Botelho , Elise Labott and Barbara Starr also contributed to this report .	NEW : Three people are killed during Sunday clashes , a spokesman says The Muslim Brotherhood reports its Cairo headquarters fall under attack Large crowds of anti-Morsy opponents chant "  leave " at protests "  Either you back off , or the only thing left to do is attack with one fist , " says a Morsy supporter
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britons including Prime Minister Gordon Brown have leapt to the defense of their creaking healthcare service after President Barack Obama 's plans for a similar system in the United States were branded "  evil " by Republicans . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown issued a heartfelt message of support for the NHS via Twitter . Tens of thousands of people have joined a Twitter group expressing pride in the UK 's National Health Service  NHS  , which offers free taxpayer-funded medical care to all British residents , while leading politicians have spoken out in support . Republican former vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin earlier this week condemned Obama 's plans to introduce a public heath insurance scheme as an "  evil " move that would result in "  death panels " deciding who would live or die . Her criticism has been echoed by fellow Republicans in direct attacks on Britain 's NHS . In an article , Former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich said British healthcare was run by "  Orwellian " bureaucrats who put a price tag on life . Sound off : What do you think of the British healthcare model ? The comments caused a storm of protest in the United Kingdom , with Prime Minister Brown wading into the argument via micro-blogging site Twitter , where a conversation chain , " #welovetheNHS " , is generating huge online traffic . Britons react to the U.S. healthcare debate " A posting on the 10 Downing Street Twitter site on Wednesday read : "  PM : NHS often makes the difference between pain and comfort , despair and hope , life and death . Thanks for always being there . " The message was followed by another , from Brown 's wife Sarah , adding : " #welovetheNHS -- more than words can say . " Professor Stephen Hawking , author of "  A Brief History of Time " , also spoke out in favor of the British system , telling the Guardian newspaper that he owes his life to NHS treatment for the neuro-muscular dystrophy he has suffered from for 40 years . "  I would n't be here today if it were not for the NHS , " he said . "  I have received a large amount of high-quality treatment without which I would not have survived . " Despite the support , the 51-year-old NHS is regularly the target of criticism at home , with opposition politicians accusing Brown 's government of mismanagement resulting in long waiting lists and a "  lottery " in deciding who gets life-saving drugs and surgery . Nevertheless , opposition Conservative Party leader David Cameron also added his voice to the defense campaign with a posting on his party 's Web site . " Millions of people are grateful for the care they have received from the NHS -- including my own family . "  One of the wonderful things about living in this country is that the moment you 're injured or fall ill -- no matter who you are , where you are from , or how much money you 've got -- you know that the NHS will look after you . " His statement followed comments from one of his own party members backing the Republican criticism of the NHS . Dan Hannan , a Conservative member of the European Parliament reportedly said in an interview that "  he would n't wish it on anyone . "	Britons leap to defend National Health Service after U.S. criticism Prime Minister Gordon Brown among those expressing pride in system NHS offers free health care to all UK residents
Okaloosa Island , Florida  CNN  -- Vacationers were the first to notice the bird fumbling in the water near this popular tourist beach last week . It bobbed and swayed differently than other birds , and did n't react when humans came dangerously close . Once it was ashore , they could see why : a light sheen of oil covered its feathers . Animal health technician Stephanie Neumann tried to rescue the Northern Gannet , but beach safety officers stopped her . Her coworkers at the Emerald Coast Wildlife Refuge already had stabilized birds and a sea turtle affected by the Gulf oil disaster , but officials wanted to know : Did she have a contract with BP ? Could she -- and the bird -- wait while they verified her organization 's status ? "  They 're trying to do their job , " Neumann said as she crouched over the motionless bird , wrapped in a white sheet and barely hidden from the stares of kids and parents . "  They have to make sure protocol is followed . " When brown clumps of tar began to wash up on the snow-white beaches around Destin last week , the mood in this sunny beach community shifted from optimistic denial to furious worry . Local ideas about how to protect the area clashed with plans from BP , state and federal agencies . Community volunteers struggling to cut through protocol cheered a decision by Okaloosa County to defy BP and the feds . They were done waiting . They 'd use their own plans . "  This is ridiculous . We 'll take the heat . We would do whatever it took to stop the oil , " said the county commission chairman , Wayne Harris . After months of wrangling with agencies responding to the spill , Harris was n't willing to stake the county 's ecology and economy only on boom that captures or absorbs oil . The commission authorized emergency management teams to add skimmers , barges and extra boom , and an air wall they hope will push the oil away . They plan to layer prevention measures in the pass that connects the Gulf to Choctawhatchee Bay , where fresh and salt water mix and dolphins play . Harris said the plan could cost up to $ 6 million per month , which he hopes will be covered by money from BP . The county developed its oil plan in the days after the disaster began to unfold , but it was plagued by miscommunications , disagreements and bureaucracy once it left local hands , Harris said . Communities along the Gulf Coast have made similar complaints . Mayors grilled a BP official about the response during a press conference earlier this month . In Magnolia Springs , Alabama , locals went outside the federal plan and risked incarceration by adding boom and barges to protect Weeks Bay . In Pointe Aux Chenes , Louisiana , Native Americans pitched in to string boom near an island where many of their ancestors are buried . Harris said some of his county 's efforts may work ; others may not . "  Doing something is better than doing nothing , " he said . On the Okaloosa Island beach , local response to the oiled Gannet was quicker , but the federal response had less red tape to work through . U.S. Fish and Wildlife workers arrived before Neumann 's status was verified , so she left their bird in their care . "  Time is essential with these guys , " she said . "  Every minute counts . " For the rest of Okaloosa County , more boom and barges were starting to appear in the water . The county commission vote was "  smart , " and sped up the state and federal response , said public safety director Dino Villani , who was quickly invited to an "  olive branch " meeting in Mobile . Most of the county 's preferred plans are moving forward , Villani said , and they 'll continue to adapt as the oil moves throughout their waters . Harris said the plans would have gone forward even without approval from BP or other government agencies . "  I 'm sure they 're cussing . I 'm sure they 're cussing us bad , " Harris said . "  If we had waited , we 'd still be waiting . Why did it take us giving an ultimatum ? " Charles Diorio , a Coast Guard commander in Mobile , said some communities decided to implement their own plans once they saw they did n't top the list of state and federal priorities , if they were on the list at all . Some just wanted to act before the mess -- and response agencies ' attention -- began to move their way . Now that oil is reaching Florida 's shores , resources are shifting there , Diorio said , and there 's a plan to meet with Okaloosa commissioners this week . "  Now is the time to make sure these relationships are still working and strong and the lines of communication are open , " he said . The commission 's vote marked a turning point for Okaloosa County residents and vacationers . Even as oil crippled fishing , tourism and ecology in Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , wishful thinkers hoped for the best around Destin , which calls itself the "  World 's Luckiest Fishing Village . " "  I 'm guilty of it . Every day something does n't happen , you walk down your beach and do n't see it , the feeling gets stronger -- until it arrives , " Okaloosa County 's beach safety division chief Tracey Vause said as he picked gummy tar balls from the sand . "  I was infuriated . It 's almost like grieving . This is the destination , white , sandy beaches . Now they 're not . " June is typically a busy month along the area known as Florida 's Emerald Coast . Beaches in Destin and Fort Walton are usually packed with families freed from school and work , and the water is crammed with boats . But when traces of oil actually arrived last week , clean-up crews were on land and familiar local fishermen wore life jackets , a tell-tale sign they were called into service for BP . Tourist rentals already were down as much as 50 percent , county officials said . Shops were quiet , service jobs were cut back and only a few umbrellas and towels were scattered across the soft sand . No oil-related illnesses or injuries had been reported as of late last week , said Cecilia Wagner , a community health worker for Okaloosa County . A health advisory warned beachgoers against swimming one day last week , but it was lifted hours later . The arrival of oil spooked residents , and made clear the conflicts between local action and BP 's response . On the boardwalk at Okaloosa Island , volunteers cleaned up after a group of campers made oil-absorbing boom from hosiery and animal hair . Boom makers Yente Sehman and Barbara Johnson said they 'd prefer boom made with renewable resources in the water around Okaloosa County 's beaches , and as oil came closer , more materials and volunteers had showed up to help their efforts . In a warehouse nearby , the pair stacked human and animal hair donations funneled through the non-profit Matter of Trust and postmarked from Missouri , Georgia , Massachusetts , Australia and China . Volunteers packed dog and alpaca hair clippings into the legs of pantyhose , then tied them off and strung them into mesh casings with plastic pieces that float in the water . Already , more than 5,000 boom were stacked inside the warehouse . County officials said they do n't want to discourage volunteers , but they are n't planning to use the animal hair boom , except as a last resort . Sehman 's phone was busy with calls from local business owners and real estate agents who wanted the boom to protect their businesses , but organizers ca n't give the boom away without county approval and a clear plan for its disposal . "  We live in paradise and everybody wants to believe it 's not going to happen to us , " Johnson said . "  It 's turning into anger and frustration . BP , local government , state government , everybody sitting around waiting for someone else to do something . We want to help , but we ca n't . " Still , the women said they wo n't stop their boom-making effort , especially as more community members notice the empty beaches studded with tar balls and look for ways to get involved . "  Once we started , no way , " Sehman said . "  I 'm very proud to live in this county at this point in time . People of this county are going to do what they want to do . "	Residents and vacationers in Okaloosa County in Florida are starting to spot tar balls and oiled wildlife on their beaches . County commissioners voted to respond to the oil spill with their own plans , regardless of whether unified command approved . Unified command sped up approval of their plans and will meet with commissioners this week .
CNN  -- Saudi Arabian officials beheaded and then publicly displayed the body of a convicted killer in Riyadh on Friday , an act that prompted a stiff denunciation by a leading human rights monitor . The Saudi Interior Ministry said Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "  crucifixion " -- having his body displayed in public -- for the kidnapping and killing of an 11-year-old boy and for the killing of the boy 's father , according to the official Saudi Press Agency . Amnesty International issued a statement deploring the punishment , with the group 's Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui saying in a statement it is "  horrific " that beheadings and crucifixions "  still happen . " Even though the word "  crucifixion " is used to describe the public display , the act has no connection to Christianity and the crucifixion of Jesus . The bodies are not displayed on crosses , Lamri Chirouf , who researches Saudi Arabian issues for Amnesty , explained . The Saudi Interior Ministry asserted that Al-Anzi 's body was displayed as a warning that those involved in similar crimes would suffer the same fate , the press agency reported . The ministry said Al-Anzi kidnapped the boy and held him for a "  malicious purpose " at a grocery store where he worked . He tied rope around the boy 's neck and strangled him to death , the ministry said . When the boy 's father came to the store looking for his son , Al-Anzi axed the father repeatedly until the man died . When police came to arrest Al-Anzi , Al-Anzi resisted arrest by threatening them with a knife . Police later discovered that Al-Anzi had been previously convicted of other crimes , including possession of pornographic videos and sodomy , the Interior Ministry said . Chirouf , the Saudi Arabian researcher for Amnesty International , said his understanding of how the Saudi government carries out crucifixion jibed with Saudi Press Agency 's account . Government officials do use crucifixions , or public displays of executed bodies , as a tool to deter people from committing such a crime , he said . This latest case was classified as an offense of rebellion , one that basically rejected all of the rules of religion and society , he said . Chirouf said those crucified are beheaded first and then their heads are sewn back on their bodies . Then , the corpse is mounted on a pole or a tree . The English-language Saudi Gazette newspaper said the body was placed on public display throughout the evening and Chirouf said it was his understanding that the body was to be displayed for a few hours . In its denunciation of the punishment , Amnesty International deplored the "  extensive use of the death penalty " in Saudi Arabia . "  King Abdullah should show true leadership and commute all death sentences if Saudi Arabia is to have any role to play as a global leader or member of the G-20 , " Sahraoui said . The group asserts that "  trial proceedings " in the country "  fall far below international fair-trial standards . " "  They usually take place behind closed doors without adequate legal representation . Convictions are often made on the basis of "  confessions " obtained under duress , including torture or other ill-treatment during incommunicado detention , " Amnesty International said . "  Those who are sentenced to death are often not informed of the progress of legal proceedings against them or of the date of execution until the morning when they are taken out and beheaded . " Amnesty International said there were 102 executions in Saudi Arabia in 2008 and is aware of 136 people believed to be awaiting execution . It says there has been "  a high number of executions of migrant workers and other foreign nationals , in particular from Asia and Africa . " Al-Anzi was a Saudi national , said Chirouf -- who added "  nobody knows how many people are on death row " in Saudi Arabia .	Man executed for kidnapping , killing boy and killing of the boy 's father Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "  crucifixion " "  Crucifixion " describes public display , but not connected to Christianity Amnesty International condemns action ; officials say it is a deterrent
Toronto Mayor Rob Ford , hospitalized this week after the discovery of an abdominal tumor , has decided not to seek re-election . At the advice of his doctors and family , Ford said he will focus on getting better . "  My heart is heavy when I tell you that I 'm unable to continue my campaign for re-election as your mayor , " the controversial politician said in a statement Friday . Ford 's term officially ends December 1 . "  People know me as a guy who faces things head on and never gives up , and as your mayor I have done just that , " Ford said . "  Now I could be facing a battle of my lifetime , and I want the people of Toronto to know that I intend to face this challenge head on , and win . " Ford asked his brother , Doug Ford , to run for mayor in the October 27 balloting . "  He told me that he needed me to take the torch while he focuses on getting better , " Doug Ford said at a press conference Friday evening outside his mother 's home . "  He told me he could n't bear the thought of city hall returning to the old days at the expense of the good , honest , everyday people , " he said . Doug Ford , who has been one of the mayor 's strongest supporters during the controversies that have plagued him , said he is honoring his brother 's request and would have more details next week about his own campaign for mayor . The president of Humber River Hospital said Wednesday that the mayor -- just over two months removed from treatment for substance abuse -- has been admitted to the hospital , where doctors will try to get "  a definitive diagnosis . " "  It is being investigated further and we need to determine exactly what type of tumor it is , and then we can decide on what type of treatment is required , " said Dr. Rueben Devlin , the Toronto hospital 's president . According to Devlin , Ford has been "  complaining of abdominal pains " for over three months that got worse over the last 24 hours . That prompted the mayor to go the hospital , where a CT scan revealed the tumor in his abdomen . It 's not known yet if the tumor is malignant , according to Devlin . The health ailment adds to the list of struggles facing Ford , whose fall from grace began in May 2013 with the release of a cell phone video that appeared to show him smoking crack cocaine . The Toronto city council largely stripped him of his mayoral powers months later over those and other allegations of bad behavior . Ford did n't back down , though , instead vowing "  outright war " on the city council . The mayor apologized for "  a lot of stupid things , " including having used crack cocaine , but he refused to resign or enter rehab . In fact , despite all the criticism and his becoming a punchline for jokes in Canada as well as the United States , Ford launched a bid for re-election . This past spring , after a local newspaper reported on a new video that allegedly shows him smoking crack cocaine , Ford relented on one front : by going into rehab . He returned to work in late June , after a two-month rehab stint , saying he was "  ashamed , embarrassed and humiliated " by some of his past actions . But he refused to resign or refrain from campaigning , saying to the voters of Toronto , "  I look forward to serving you for many , many more years . " ` Ashamed , embarrassed ' Rob Ford returns as Toronto mayor after rehab	Doug Ford says he 's honoring his brother Rob 's request to run for mayor Rob Ford withdraws from mayoral race after tumor is found It 's not known if the tumor is malignant or how it will be treated The mayor has been dogged by his substance abuse
London  CNN  -- The Red Cross 's declaration Sunday that Syria is engaged in a civil war -- or in the organization 's legalistic phrasing , a "  non-international armed conflict " -- may have struck some observers as a case of stating the obvious . But the assessment from the Geneva-based body is significant . It means the violence that has plagued the Middle Eastern nation since early 2011 has crossed a legal threshold whereby combatants throughout the country are subject to the Geneva Conventions -- and as such can be prosecuted for war crimes . Who are the Red Cross ? The International Committee of the Red Cross  ICRC  is the guardian of the Geneva Conventions , which set down the rules of war . The organization was formed after the Battle of Solferino in 1859 in Italy . A Swiss businessman , Henry Dunant , encountered nearly 40,000 wounded , dying and dead lying unattended on the battlefield . He subsequently lobbied for the establishment of a permanent humanitarian relief agency to act during times of war , protected by a government treaty recognizing the neutrality of the agency and safeguarding its operations . These goals were realized through the establishment of the Red Cross and the First Geneva Convention , ratified by 12 nations in 1864 . Dunant was jointly awarded the first Nobel Peace Prize in 1901 for his efforts . Part of the Red Cross 's legal mandate is to determine whether an armed conflict exists , and whether international humanitarian law applies . What is the ICRC 's new assessment of the situation ? The ICRC 's classification of the violence as a "  non-international armed conflict " means international humanitarian law will extend beyond the three regions in Syria where the organization had previously determined to be areas of armed conflict -- namely Homs , Hama and Idlib -- to apply wherever fighting occurs . "  These rules impose limits on all parties on how fighting can be conducted , with the aim of protecting the civilian population and persons not , or no longer , directly participating in the hostilities , " said ICRC spokeswoman Carla Haddad Mardini told CNN . The ICRC will work to remind both the Syrian government and the armed opposition of their obligations to respect international humanitarian law , and share its analysis of what is occurring with both sides . It is hoped this will have an effect on the way the war is fought , by helping to regulate the conduct of fighters and safeguard the rights of innocents affected by the violence . How was the violence in Syria classified previously ? For months , the Red Cross has classified the violence in Syria as internal armed conflicts between government forces and armed opposition groups localized to three flashpoints mentioned above . But the spread of hostilities to other areas has led the Swiss-based agency to conclude the fighting meets its threshold for an internal armed conflict . International humanitarian law now applies "  wherever hostilities take place , " the organization said Monday . What are the Geneva Conventions ? The Geneva Conventions and their Additional Protocols are international treaties that , in the words of the Red Cross , "  contain the most important rules limiting the barbarity of war . " Applicable during times of armed conflict , they form the cornerstone of international humanitarian law , setting rules for the treatment of people who are not participating in the fighting -- civilians , health workers and aid workers -- as well as for the wounded , sick or prisoners of war . Read the 1949 Geneva Conventions here Common Article 3 of the conventions , which relates to "  non-international armed conflicts " -- the most common form of conflict in the world today -- is applicable to the situation in Syria . "  The term "  civil war " , often used as a synonym for "  internal armed conflict "  or  "  armed conflict not of an international character , " has no legal status , " said Mardini . Special rules apply to the most serious contraventions of the law , which are termed grave breaches and constitute war crimes . What counts as a "  grave breach ? " These crimes include willful killing , torture or inhumane treatment , including biological experiments ; willfully causing great suffering or serious injury ; and wanton , unlawful extensive destruction and appropriation of property not justified by military necessity . Read the definition of grave breaches here Nations that are party to the conventions have an obligation to seek and put on trial or extradite those responsible for grave breaches , regardless of their nationality . What is the history of the Geneva Conventions ? Efforts to moderate the behavior of soldiers are as old as recorded history itself . In the sixth century BC , the Chinese general and military strategist Sun Tzu suggested specific restrictions on military conduct , while in 1625 , the Dutch theorist Hugo Grotius called for civilian protections in "  On the Law of War and Peace . " Throughout the history of warfare , agreements on the rules of war were defined by custom or negotiated between generals prior to battle , but did not extend widely beyond the conflict in question . The modern Geneva Conventions were adopted in 1949 , in the aftermath of World War II , and expanded their focus to include civilians for the first time , in an attempt to prevent another outbreak of the "  total war " which had wreaked havoc on civilian populations . Who recognizes the Geneva Conventions ? The Geneva Conventions entered into force on 21 October 1950 and have gradually grown in recognition to become universally applicable . More than 70 countries ratified the conventions during the 1950s , and today 194 nations are party to the agreement . Do they have an impact on the battlefield ? According to the ICRC , yes . While the nature of war has changed radically in the decades since the conventions were drafted , they continue to act as a powerful deterrent to the commission of atrocities in times of conflict . The ICRC 's director of international law Philip Spoerri told CNN in 2009 that enforcing compliance with the conventions , rather than recodifying their core principles , should be a priority for international humanitarian law . Simon Hooper contributed to this report .	The Red Cross has determined that Syria is in a state of civil war This means international humanitarian law applies wherever there is fighting The Geneva Conventions , overseen by the Red Cross , govern behavior in war zones They lay the legal groundwork for war crimes prosecutions
CNN  -- The Daytona 500 ran as scheduled Sunday despite a jaw-dropping crash a day earlier that flung debris into the stands at the Daytona International Speedway . At least 28 fans were injured when more than a dozen cars piled up in the final curve of the Nationwide Series Drive4COPD 300 in Daytona Beach , Florida , on Saturday . Some of the debris went over a 22-foot-high fence that was built in 2010 , and some of it went through holes as the fence shredded when a car slammed into it and bounced back onto the track . "  At 8 a.m. , we met with NASCAR , we reviewed all of the repairs that we made last evening , " speedway president Joie Chitwood told reporters Sunday morning . "  We worked late into the evening and are prepared to go racing today . " Some of the fans who were sitting in that area returned for Sunday 's race , which began just after 1 p.m. ET , Chitwood said . Jimmie Johnson won the race , edging out Dale Earnhardt Jr. and a host of others down the stretch . The wreck occurred when several closely packed cars were jostling for position at top speeds of about 175 mph . They got tangled up , setting off a dangerous chain reaction that ensnared several vehicles . Reigning Sprint Cup champ Brad Keselowski , who later told CNN on Saturday that he and others were simply "  going for the win , " was among those involved , while Tony Stewart somehow emerged unscathed and won the race . Driver Kyle Larson 's vehicle ended up flying into a fence that separates the track from spectators . The car broke into pieces , including tires and a fiery engine . Larson walked away from the crash , even after the front part of his No. 32 car was gone . He and the other nine drivers involved told reporters that they were checked at a medical tent on the Daytona infield and released . Some pieces of the shredded debris flew into the barrier , while others got into the stands -- some of it reaching the second level . Chitwood said the fence had been replaced after a similar incident at Talladega in which a car hit the fence and seven fans were injured . A video posted on YouTube shows a cloud of debris flying into stands and one man gasping , "  Oh , my God . " A tire rests on one seat , as a man frantically waves and yells to get the attention of paramedics . Afterward , several spectators could be seen lying down after apparently suffering injuries . About 10 ambulances lined up on the track , with some first responders carrying stretchers . Fourteen fans were treated at an on-site medical facility , and 14 others were transported to area hospitals , Chitwood told reporters . "  I 'm just hoping everyone is OK , " Keselowski said . "  As drivers , we assume the risk . But fans do not . " NASCAR president Mike Helton earlier told ESPN , which was broadcasting the race , that some people were taken to Halifax Health Medical Center . He said the protective fence did its job in preventing potentially more injuries and possibly deaths . Byron Cogdell , a spokesman for the hospital , told CNN that his facility had treated 12 patients . By early Sunday evening , seven patients -- each of whom is considered stable -- were still being treated at Halifax Health , the hospital said in a statement . Staff at Florida Hospital Memorial Medical Center treated four people , spokeswoman Lindsay Rew said Saturday evening . The injured include Eddie Huckaby , a 53-year-old Krum , Texas , resident who suffered a leg gash when a large piece of metal hit him as he was watching the race , his brother Terry Huckaby told CNN affiliate WKMG . He described part of the motor landing in the stands , as well as a wheel , "  and everything flying over your head and debris everywhere . " "  He 's doing fine , " Terry Huckaby said of his brother , who had surgery at Halifax Health Medical Center . "  The first thing he said , ' I do n't want to miss that  Daytona 500  race , but I have to watch on TV . ' " Accidents are nothing new to NASCAR , where cars often cruise at speeds near 200 mph , nor are they new to the Daytona track . One of the sport 's most horrific , and well-known , wrecks happened in the 2001 Daytona 500 , when seven-time NASCAR champion Dale Earnhardt Sr. was killed -- also on that race 's final lap . Still , injuries and fatalities to spectators are much rarer . CNN 's John Newsome and Joe Carter reported from Daytona Beach , and Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Ben Brumfield , Phil Gast , Dan Moriarty , Scott Thompson and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Halifax Health is treating seven patients -- all of them stable -- the hospital says Sunday A dramatic accident from a different race flung debris into the stands Saturday Wreckage , including an engine , went airborne -- some reaching the stands ' second level At least 28 fans were reported injured , some treated at the track and others at hospitals
CNN  -- Al Goldstein , the foul-mouthed , cigar-chomping publisher of Screw magazine and pornography pioneer who helped move raunch into mainstream American life , died Thursday in New York . He was 77 . He is believed to have died of renal failure at a nursing home in Brooklyn , said his lawyer , Charles DeStefano . Throughout his life , Goldstein fought to push the porn trade into mainstream acceptance by challenging the legal barriers against pornography under the First Amendment . In 1968 , he published Screw magazine , a smutty , offbeat publication full of political satire , DeStefano said . The magazine caused an national uproar in 1973 when it printed nude photos of former first lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis . The issue sold more than 500,000 copies . Goldstein loathed authority and once published a doctored photo of a district attorney who was prosecuting a case against him along with the judge in the case . The pair was depicted in a sexually explicit manner even as the trial was ongoing , DeStefano said . In 1984 , Goldstein appeared before a congressional hearing on pornography . The late Sen. Arlen Specter  R-Pennsylvania  asked Goldstein whether it was the business of the state to stop pornographic pictures if those images caused the molestation of a child . "  I applaud your concern , " Goldstein responded . "  But 51,000 people died in car accidents last year . Alcohol contributed to that . Are you going stop the manufacture of automobiles or the cessation of the sale of liquor ? What you 're going to do is monitor -LSB- the sale -RSB- of liquor to minors . If somebody misuses something -- whether a knife or a car or pornography -- there are laws on the books to satisfy those concerns ... But to deny those of us who handle it as an integrated part of our life is such a contradiction of the First Amendment and what we stand for that it 's horrendous and repugnant to me . " For 30 years , Goldstein hosted his nude late-night talk show "  Midnight Blue . " He had been described variously as arrogant , angry , gaudy and irreverent . He flipped the bird every chance he got . In fact , the back yard of his former Florida mansion was once adorned with an 11-foot statue of an extended middle finger . The Brooklyn-born publisher lived life in extremes . He once enjoyed a lavish lifestyle , owned multiple properties and hobnobbed with celebrities , DeStefano said . In his later years , he lost practically everything and ended up homeless in New York . Goldstein was sentenced to 60 days in jail in 2002 for threatening a former employee and leaving obscene messages on her answering machine . In 2003 , his business went bankrupt and he was later forced to sell an estate . At one point , Goldstein was working at a greeter at a deli while sleeping in a backroom , said DeStefano , also a longtime friend . The beginning of the end for Goldstein was a hip fracture two years ago , his lawyer said . He was obese and suffered from diabetes and mental health issues , according to DeStefano . "  He should be remembered as a man who had the guts to get in the face of his enemies , " DeStefano said . "  He was fearless . " People we 've lost in 2013	Porn king Al Goldstein dies at age 77 of apparent renal failure He published Screw magazine and pushed pornography into mainstream America Goldstein once lived a lavish lifestyle before finances , health took downturn
CNN  -- The New York Times Co. will sell The Boston Globe to sports magnate John W. Henry for $ 70 million , a fraction of the price it paid for the paper two decades ago . The company paid $ 1.1 billion for the properties . The impending sale to the owner of the Boston Red Sox is for 6.3 % of the price it paid . Both The Times and The Globe reported the deal Saturday . Henry 's Fenway Sports Group owns the baseball club , Fenway Park , 80 % of a regional sports television network and the giant Liverpool Football Club in England . The sale includes the Telegram & Gazette newspaper of Worcester , Massachusetts . As advertising losses and new reader habits afflicted newspapers nationwide , The Times began looking to shed The Globe and even threatened to close the paper in 2009 amid disputes with unions . Henry said he would disclose details about his plans for the newspapers soon , The Globe said . "  This is a thriving , dynamic region that needs a strong , sustainable Boston Globe playing an integral role in the community 's long-term future , " The Globe quoted Henry as saying .	New York Times paid $ 1.1 billion for Boston Globe in 1993 , sells for $ 70 million Buyer John W. Henry owns baseball 's Boston Red Sox and the Liverpool soccer team Sale price reflects newspapers ' advertising and reader losses
CNN  -- I am a movie critic . But because I am not employed by a newspaper , or a television station , Web magazine , ad agency or any institution that contributes to or profits from the media carnival that has become the Academy Awards , I can admit without fear of repercussion that the Oscars leave me colder than an arctic vortex . If there were some remote planet or sun-kissed island where I could flee the din , I would go there . But I bet even remote outposts , windswept Siberian tundra or ships lost at sea , places without water or central heating , have a pipeline to the Oscar countdown . Like Christmas and the presidential campaign , the Oscar race -- a misnomer , suggesting speed -- goes on too damn long . This is true even in a year when the nominees are more exciting than usual , perhaps even justifying the oft-made claim that the Academy has become younger and less stodgy . "  American Hustle " is a comedy ; "  Her " a delicate love story between a man and a computer program ; "  The Wolf of Wall Street " raucous and controversial , "  Nebraska " bleak .  Of course , we have been shocked before . Remember "  Midnight Cowboy . " The Academy has never been a barometer of quality , in fact it has a fairly dismal record when it comes to truly great or slightly difficult films . It 's tended to favor the inspirational over the fatalistic ; high-minded drama over comedy and noir ; British over American  "  The King 's Speech " vs. "  The Social Network "  . When TCM , the channel to which I am devoted above all others , programs a whole month of Oscar winners I lose interest . Other media outlets are not so restrained . The New York Times , like other organs of record no doubt , begins early -- sometime in summer -- with possibilities and probabilities , profiles and features leading up to and exploiting the fall 's releases , until it 's virtually blanket coverage . Brains that should be doing better things are busy handicapping and making lists . Like the presidential primaries  remember when Hillary was a sure winner ?  , the forecasts are wrong as often as not , but nobody 's ever held accountable . Now that the Golden Globes have become the rehearsal dinner to the Oscar ceremony and fashion gets more coverage than international and domestic news combined , we watch as an armada of reporters is deployed to relay the buzz , and stories spill over into every section except sports . But more important is what this carefully staged mass hysteria and nonstop coverage does to the movies and the stars . Films that open early in the year are virtually shut out by the bottom-heavy pattern of release and ruckus surrounding the end-of-year "  prestige " films . Gems like "  Before Midnight , " "  Mud , " and "  Frances Ha " might as well have opened seven years ago rather than a mere seven months . Actors who 've given outstanding , complex performances are suddenly pleading for love like orphan puppies , parading from one show to another , forever on display . Where are the handlers that used to manage the careers of stars , keeping them at a discreet distance from the fans and allowing them some semblance of mystery ? The irony is that as fewer people are going to movies , the annual spectacle that is the Oscars is taking up greater and greater space in the public arena . The upside is supposed to be a rare communal pleasure -- the way such occasions  as the clichÃ © has it  bring the country together . Like Christmas . Or the political campaign . Or a natural disaster . For once in our fragmented era , old and young , blue and red , presumably join hands in a virtual auditorium to admire some dresses and laugh at some jokes . But wait ! If I remember correctly  and the evenings do blur into one another  , our host last year was someone who had almost nothing to do with movies , who conducted a sort of insider colloquy with the designated demographic , young males who watch television . So much for cross-generational rapprochement . Television grasping for viewers to lure advertisers , newspapers bumping up movie ads , the actors withering from overexposure and the films themselves all but anti-climactic in the final hour : How can even the best keep the sparkle of surprise ? "  American Hustle " with its exquisite choreography and sly tease -- I 'm still trying to figure out who knew what when . Spike Jonze 's ingenious "  Her , " a man-machine romance that proves that science fiction and sex are not mutually exclusive . When the night comes , I 'll watch of course . And vow to go to bed before midnight . And stay up anyway . After all , the Golden Globes was worth watching just for Tina Fey and Amy Poehler , and maybe Ellen de Generes can make the long hours of Sunday night , March 2 , tolerable this year . But in the meantime , I 'll fight my uphill battle to ignore Oscar stories . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Molly Haskell .	Film critic Molly Haskell does n't work for an outlet and can admit the Oscars leave her cold Haskell : Academy rarely honors truly great or difficult films ; makes obvious choices She says Oscars and fashion coverage blots out all other news and goes on for months Haskell : Films from early part of year ignored and the stars and movies are overexposed
CNN  -- Karim Benzema shrugged off his club troubles and a violent challenge to give France a 1-0 win over 10-man Brazil in Wednesday 's prestige friendly in Paris . The Real Madrid striker netted the only goal from close range nine minutes into the second half of the rematch of the 1998 World Cup final at the same venue -- which France won 3-0 . He was lucky to escape serious injury five minutes before the break when Brazil midfielder Hernanes was sent off for kicking him in the chest . Benzema has struggled to show his true form in Spain since his $ 48 million move in 2009 , but was a constant threat after the red card and should have added more to his new tally of 12 international goals . However , his 54th-minute strike proved enough , set up by winger Jeremy Menez 's burst down the right and subsequent teasing low cross . Menez was lucky to stay on the pitch after a bad tackle from behind on Brazil defender David Luiz , whose new English club Chelsea will be relieved he escaped injury . It was France 's fifth consecutive win under coach Laurent Blanc , who has revived the team 's fortunes after last year 's first-round exit at the World Cup in South Africa . Brazil coach Mano Menezes suffered a second successive defeat following November 's loss to Argentina . Also on Wednesday , two of the world 's best footballers went head-to-head in neutral Switzerland , and once again Lionel Messi came out on top as Argentina snatched a last-gasp 2-1 friendly win over Portugal . His Real Madrid arch-rival Cristiano Ronaldo put the European side level in the 21st minute after Angel Di Maria 's opener in Geneva , but Barcelona superstar Messi gave the South Americans the spoils with a 90th-minute penalty . The duo have matched each other almost goal for goal this season in La Liga , and Messi has the upper hand with Barcelona seven points clear and resounding 5-0 victors in the opening "  Clasico " clash between the two clubs . And the two-time world player of the year was involved in Argentina 's 14th-minute opener as he cut in from the right in trademark fashion to set up Real winger Di Maria . But Ronaldo , who followed up Messi 's weekend hat-trick with a double of his own to regain top spot in the Spanish scoring charts , pounced from close range soon after from striker Hugo Almeida 's flick-on . Ronaldo should have made it 2-1 soon after halftime but hit the bar from close range , then saw Almeida waste an even better opportunity before both were substituted along with Nani . But Messi stayed on the pitch until the end , and got his reward when Fabio Coentrao fouled substitute Pablo Zabaleta . In another rematch of a past World Cup final , Germany were held 1-1 at home by 1982 champions Italy . Veteran striker Miroslav Klose opened the scoring in the 16th minute after fine build-up play by Mesut Ozil and Thomas Muller , beating recalled former captain Gianluigi Buffon in goal . But Giuseppe Rossi -- who shares the surname of 1982 tournament top scorer Paolo -- snatched a late equalizer for Cesare Prandelli 's team , beating keeper Manuel Neuer at the second attempt with nine minutes to play . World champions Spain beat Colombia 1-0 in Madrid thanks to an 86th-minute winner by substitute David Silva . Striker David Villa , seeking to move past Raul as Spain 's record scorer , was denied his 45th international goal when he hit the post in the first half . The Netherlands , beaten in the World Cup final in South Africa last year , defeated Austria 3-1 in Eidhoven . Wesley Sneijder volleyed a 28th-minute opener before second-half goals from striker Klaas Jan Huntelaar -- his 10th goal in six matches -- and Dirk Kuyt from the penalty spot made Marko Arnautovic 's late strike a mere consolation . England came from behind to beat Denmark 2-1 in Copenhagen , as Aston Villa forwards Darren Bent and Ashley Young struck in each half after Daniel Agger 's early diving header . Russia suffered a shock 1-0 defeat by Iran in the United Arab Emirates , as Mohammad Reza Khalatbari netted a last-minute winner and was then sent off after being booked for celebrating . The match was reportedly watched by former Portugal coach Carlos Queiroz , who has been linked with the Iran post . South Korea , who were also in action at the Asian Cup recently , drew 0-0 with Turkey . Cameroon warmed up for next month 's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Senegal with a 1-0 win away to Macedonia , with substitute Matthew Mbuta scoring the only goal in the 75th minute in Skopje . South Africa beat Kenya 2-0 thanks to first-half goals from Davide Somma and Steven Pienaar , while Morocco defeated Niger 3-0 and Nigeria edged Sierra Leone 2-1 .	France edge Brazil 1-0 in rematch of 1998 World Cup final in Paris Karim Benzema scores the only goal after surviving horror challenge by Hernanes Lionel Messi upstages Cristiano Ronaldo with Argentina 's late winner against Portugal World Cup finalists Spain and the Netherlands both win their friendly outings
CNN  -- Australia 's iconic Tasmanian devil -- widely known as trouble in Looney Tunes cartoons -- has been put on the country 's endangered list , environmental officials announced Friday . The Tasmanian devil 's future is threatened by a contagious facial cancer that has killed large numbers . "  My decision to uplist the Tasmanian devil is based on advice from the Threatened Species Scientific Committee , which lists the devil facial tumor disease as the major threat to the devil , " Environment Minister Peter Garrett said in a statement . "  This disease has led to the decline of about 70 percent of the Tasmanian devil population since the disease was first reported in 1996 . " The disease has devastated the animals , native to the Australian state of Tasmania , an island off the southeastern coast . Devil facial tumor disease is one of only three cancers known to spread like a contagious disease , according to the Tasmanian government 's Web site . As the name implies , it causes tumors on the face and neck , and sometimes other parts of the body , and it 's passed by biting . The Australian government has committed $ 7.8 million over five years to the Save the Tasmanian Devil program , according to Garrett . "  This is to help with research into disease transmission and treatment , and will support captive and wild populations , " he said . In 2005 , the program established a captive breeding insurance population . Disease-free animals were gathered from the wild population and are being bred on the mainland . "  As of February 2009 , the insurance population had grown to 145 disease-free Tasmanian devils " at 10 zoos and wildlife parks , the Tasmanian government said . "  The animals in this breeding program could play an important role , if ever needed , in helping re-establish healthy wild populations in Tasmania . " Although the image of the Tasmanian devil has been popularized around the world by the Looney Tunes cartoon character Taz , the real thing is a much different animal . The devil , the world 's only surviving marsupial carnivore , is about 25 pounds  12 kg  of bad attitude , with a haunting cry that 's a combination of snorting and growling .	Australia 's iconic Tasmanian devil has been put on the endangered list Devil facial tumor disease has led to 70 percent decline in population It is one of only three cancers known to spread like a contagious disease
CNN  -- Two miners who died this week in a Nevada mining accident were identified Saturday , according to the mine 's owner . Crews late Friday found the bodies of Daniel Patrick Noel , 47 , and Ethan Joel Schorr , 38 , both of Spring Creek , Nevada , Barrick Gold Corp. said in a statement . Noel is survived by a wife and three children . Schorr is survived by a wife and four children . Their bodies were found about 1,300 feet underground , Barrick said . The accident occurred at 1:15 a.m.  4:15 a.m. ET  on Thursday in Elko County , Nevada . According to Barrick , two miners in an elevator were inspecting a large pipe in a vertical shaft when the pipe fell into the shaft , damaging the elevator . All underground operations at the Meikle mine were suspended , the company said . "  This is a tragic event and we remain focused on assisting these miners ' families , " Greg Lang , president of Barrick 's North America region , said in a statement . "  The hearts and prayers of every Barrick employee are with them at this time . We place great value in our coworkers ' health and safety , and we will do everything we can to prevent an incident like this from happening again . " The company said Barrick and the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration worked for more than 32 hours to reach the area where the bodies were found . The MSHA reports at least 53 fatalities so far this year , including at least 42 coal-related deaths and at least 11 metal-related deaths .	NEW : Two dead miners survived by spouses , children Mining accident happened Thursday in Elko County , Nevada Barrick Gold Corp. vows to try to prevent future accidents The bodies were found 1,300 feet underground
CNN  -- It started with older youths boarding an Australian school bus , terrifying the elementary-school-aged Jewish children aboard with slurs from "  Heil Hitler " to "  kill the Jews , " and it ended 40 minutes later when the older youths fled before police arrived , according to accounts from some of the young students on the bus . "  When they saw us all in tears , they were laughing , " 12-year-old student Noa Stanton told CNN affiliate 7 News in Australia , referring to the older youths who stayed on the bus as it traveled in the suburbs of Sydney . The youths fled following the Wednesday incident , Sydney police said , but five suspects were arrested Thursday and authorities were waiting on a sixth to turn himself in . No charges were immediately filed and the youths -- described by police as intoxicated -- were released to their parents . The two dozen children , aged 5 to 12 , were heading home from three Jewish schools when the older boys made their way onto the bus and began spouting threats of violence and anti-Semitic slurs , police and the Jewish students said . Noa Stanton said the boys told her and her frightened classmates they had been "  popping drugs in the city " -- even offering the children drugs , she said . Noa 's 8-year-old sister , Anais , told 7 News she also witnessed the boys holding bottles of alcohol . Several children on the bus called their parents on cell phones . Isabel Stanton said when she answered a call from one of her daughters , "  I could n't understand a word she was saying . She was hysterical and crying on the phone . " Another mother , Jacqui Blackburn , told 7 News she received a similarly chilling call from her three daughters on the bus . Her terrified girls told her drunk men had boarded the bus and were yelling , "  Heil Hitler " and "  kill the Jews , " and threatening to cut the throats of those on board . The students from Mt. Sinai College , Emmanuel School and Moriah College said they endured verbal abuse from Maroubra to Bondi Junction , east of Sydney , where the teens eventually fled before police , called by parents , arrived . It was unclear Thursday whether the driver of the school bus made any effort to alert authorities or took any other action during the incident . Waverly Police Department Superintendent Jason Box confirmed to CNN affiliate Sky News that "  six juvenile males boarded the bus ... and made offensive and threatening comments towards approximately 25 schoolchildren . " The youths apparently used student bus passes to get on board and some of them were wearing school uniforms , Box said . According to Sky News , the teens are believed to be between the ages of 15 and 17 . Box called the incident opportunistic , "  isolated and random . " The president of the New South Wales Jewish Board of Deputies , Vic Alhadeff , called the incident "  sickening . " "  Any racist incident is unacceptable in our society . It is particularly sickening when those being targeted are young children , " Alhadeff told 7 News . New South Wales Communities Minister Victor Dominello said Jewish leaders and local government officials were considering increasing security on school buses . CNN 's Sheila Upadhya and Dakota Flournoy contributed to this report	Youths yelled "  kill the Jews , " and threatened to cut throats of children , students say The school bus was carrying children aged 5 to 12 home from Jewish schools Terrified students on the bus called their parents , parents called police The youths fled before police arrived , but five arrests were made Thursday
CNN  -- Former Manchester United defender Gary Neville believes Sunday 's trip to Arsenal on Sunday is "  the most difficult " away game of the season for the English Premier League leaders . Alex Ferguson 's United team lead third-placed Arsenal by nine points after Javier Hernandez 's late goal earned a 1-0 win over Everton on Saturday , while Arsene Wenger 's side slipped to a 2-1 defeat at Bolton Wanderers 24 hours later . Defeat at the Emirates Stadium would end Arsenal 's hopes of securing the EPL title and a first major honor since victory over United in the 2005 FA Cup final . Victory would put the Red Devils within touching distance of a record 19th English league title . Has time run out for Arsene Wenger ? "  Going to Arsenal is probably the most difficult game , and has been for many , many years , " Neville , who announced his retirement in February aged 35 , told CNN . "  Along with Liverpool and Chelsea , those games you can never tell if you 're going to win . Anything can happen and , while we 've had some good results there in the last couple of years , we 've some bad experiences down there as well . " Former team captain Neville won eight league championships during a 19-year career with United , and the 85-cap England international said a draw against Arsenal would represent a good result for Ferguson 's side . "  I think if we can get a point on Sunday , come out of there with something , it would be really important for us . " Neville , who was part of the 1999 European Champions League-winning squad and also won the FA Cup on three occasions , claimed the midfield area could be where the match is won or lost . "  The key battle against Arsenal is midfield . We 've always gone into the games over the last five or six years making sure we dominate midfield . It 's Arsenal 's strongest area , " he said . "  We always make sure we pack our midfield with strength , power and make sure we can get physical against them . If you let Arsenal play , they are the best football team in the country playing through midfield . "  If you win that battle , towards the end of the game you can start to show your strength . " Hernandez , also known as "  Chicarito , " has enjoyed a successful debut season in England after arriving in Manchester from Mexican side Guadalajara . The Mexico striker has hit 12 goals in 24 league matches , and Neville has been impressed with the form shown by the 22-year-old . "  I do n't think anyone had heard of him when we signed him at the end of last season . But then he played for Mexico at the World Cup and everyone started to think ` This kid does n't look bad . ' "  I think you 'll see that United are developing a new young team , with the likes of Rafael  Da Silva  , Fabio  Da Silva  , Darron Gibson , Jonathan Evans , Chicarito , Chris Smalling ... That 's what the manager does , he integrates young players . "  He lets them get the hunger for winning , see the work ethic , and I think Chicarito is an unbelievable example of how that 's happened . Someone who cost $ 11.5 million and looks like one of the best center-forwards in the league . "	Gary Neville has described Manchester United 's trip to Arsenal as their toughest test The former United defender is confident Ferguson 's team can secure at least a draw Neville has also hailed the form of United 's Mexican striker Javier Hernandez
New York  CNN  -- A sightseeing ride in the skies over New York City turned into a whole different kind of adventure on Sunday when the helicopter made an emergency landing in the Hudson River . The pilot and the four tourists on board were rescued and are OK , according to police on the scene . The tourists included two adults and two children , all from Sweden , CNN affiliate WCBS reported . Four people were taken to the hospital to be treated for minor injuries , the New York City Fire Department said . One person refused further medical attention after being checked out at the scene . The chopper landed in the water around noon and was floating upright , the Federal Aviation Administration said . "  We lost power , " said the pilot , who would not give his name or further details . The helicopter hit the water near 79th Street , the New York Fire Department said . The chopper was drifting south , fire officials said . A vessel picked it up to tow it back to land . CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	NEW : Fire department : Four people were taken to the hospital to be treated for minor injuries Two adults and two children from Sweden were on board , CNN affiliate WCBS reports . The pilot and all four occupants are OK , police say The helicopter lost power , the pilot says
If the crowds under Paris ' Eiffel Tower get you down , try Shenzhen in China . It may not have the history of the French construction , but at least the coffee will be cheaper . Or you could head to Berlin . Or to Las Vegas . Or several other locales with their own "  Eiffel Towers . " The replication of tourist attractions has been gaining traction in recent years . Most recently , a Spanish company has been employed to replicate Egypt 's ancient pharaonic tombs . Opening to the public later this month about half a mile from the original tomb in Luxor 's Valley of the Kings , the replica will be located outside the house of Howard Carter , the expedition leader who disinterred the pharaoh almost a century ago . The reconstruction is a response to the threat posed by the hundreds of thousands of tourists traipsing through the real relic every year . Changes in temperature and humidity caused by their presence in the burial chamber have caused the striking plaster-painted murals on the walls to begin crumbling away . Tut 's new tomb The solution was for the Madrid-based company Factum Arte to create replicas of King Tut 's and the other pharaonic tombs , including Seti I and Nefertari , as a philanthropic exercise granted permission by Egypt 's Supreme Council of Antiquities in 2009 . The firm used minutely detailed , hi-tech techniques honed on reproductions over the past decade , including copies of the pharaoh Thutmose III 's tomb in 2003 and , more recently , of Leonardo 's painting "  The Last Supper " and Caravaggio 's "  Inspiration of St. Matthew . " The replication of King Tut 's and the other royal tombs represents the company 's most ambitious project to date , as well as being the most detailed large-scale facsimile project ever undertaken , Factum Arte says . More : World 's most beautiful bank buildings Special 3D scanning systems were developed for the job , allowing the burial chamber to be measured at 100 million points every square meter . The resulting 3D relief of the tomb was then reproduced on casts that were finished by hand . "  Is it exactly the same as viewing the real tomb ? No . But what you can do is exceedingly high , " Adam Lowe , Factum Arte 's director , told CNN . "  You can ` rematerialize ' the quality of the original at a normal viewing distance , so the experience is visually identical to standing in the tomb . "  It 's not an exercise in faking but -LSB- partly about -RSB- revealing the condition of the original to allow it to be monitored . " It 's estimated that 500,000 visitors a year will visit the replica relics , the resulting funds going in part towards preserving Egypt 's real heritage sites . Cool copy cats Copying an ancient monument has an obvious appeal . You get to keep the original version , as well as all the tourists -- and their revenue -- threatening to destroy it . That same motivation lay behind making giant copies of the Altamira and Lascaux Caves in Spain and France , respectively , when exposure to the elements , and awestruck visitors ' breath , threatened to turn the vast galleries of prehistoric paintings they contain into mold . The motive for replicating other tourist attractions around the world , however , seems less concerned with their heritage value . If you think the Eiffel Tower is intimately associated with Paris , for example , you may be surprised to find more or less life-size versions of it in Las Vegas , Berlin , India , China  two , actually -- in Hangzhou and Shenzhen  and Fez , Morocco . More : 14 great literary hotels The Taj Mahal , one of India 's great tourist sights , is no longer one of just India 's great tourist sights . A full-sized replica of the Mughal emperor Shah Jahan 's monument to his beloved third wife has sat outside the Bangladeshi capital , Dhaka , since 2008 . India has taken revenge , of a sort -- it 's planning an Angkor Wat for the banks of the Ganges . Michelangelo 's "  Davids " When it comes to art , anatomically accurate copies of Michelangelo 's "  David " expose themselves everywhere from the Philippines to the U.S. state of Kentucky and Montevideo , Uruguay . In China , the Xerox of replicating countries , you can even take home your own fairly convincing Mona Lisa or Van Gogh from the Dafen oil painting village , a neighborhood of Shenzhen famed for its fakes . China , moreover , has recreated entire foreign locales with tourist appeal , such as London Thames Town , in Shanghai , and Hallstatt , an "  Austrian " mountain village in that famous yodeling province of Guangdong . What , you can only ask , is next -- a Chinese Belgium or New Zealand ? And would anybody go ? Facsimile tourism -- as good as the real thing ? Let us know in the comments .	Minutely detailed replica of Egyptian boy king 's burial chamber opens to public in Egypt this month Hi-tech reproduction technique involved scanning 100 million points per square meter Monument-copying business seems to be going strong but some copies -- multiple Michelangelos and Eiffel Towers -- are less convincing
CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II was discharged Monday from a London hospital , where she was treated for symptoms of gastroenteritis . The 86-year-old monarch had been taken to King Edward VII 's Hospital on Sunday morning "  as a precautionary measure , " a Buckingham Palace spokesman said , speaking with customary anonymity . The queen smiled as she left the hospital Monday . It was the first time the queen had been hospitalized in a decade . Her official engagements for the week were postponed or canceled Sunday . Elizabeth had already canceled a planned trip to Wales on Saturday after showing symptoms of the illness , Buckingham Palace said . Five things to know about gastroenteritis Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines . Though commonly known as "  stomach flu , " it is not caused by the influenza virus , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The illness is usually caused by a virus and passed from person to person , said Dr. Corey Siegel , a gastroenterologist and professor at Dartmouth College 's Geisel School of Medicine . But it can also be caused by bacteria , either foodborne or personally transmitted , he said . The bug usually has to run its course . But doctors often give hospitalized elderly patients intravenous fluids to prevent dehydration , which can lead to kidney problems , Siegel said . Queen 's illness : Concern behind the castle walls Elizabeth celebrated her 60th anniversary on the throne in 2012 and turns 87 in April . She was last hospitalized in 2003 for knee surgery . Her husband , the 92-year-old Prince Philip , was hospitalized three times between December 2011 and August 2012 -- once for treatment of a blocked coronary artery and twice for a bladder infection . Get the latest news from CNN.com CNN 's Richard Quest , Elizabeth Cohen , Per Nyberg and Max Foster contributed to this report .	NEW : Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II is now out of King Edward VII 's Hospital Gastroenteritis is an inflammation of the lining of the stomach and intestines The illness can cause dehydration and kidney problems in the elderly , a doctor says Elizabeth II was hospitalized "  as a precautionary measure , " Buckingham Palace says
CNN  -- Casey Johnson The 30-year-old heiress to the Johnson & Johnson fortune was found dead at a house in Los Angeles on Monday , People magazine reported . Johnson 's death was announced via Twitter by reality star Tila Tequila and confirmed by police , who said she apparently died of natural causes . As an openly gay socialite , Johnson was a favorite of tabloids and paparazzi , People reported . Her purported engagement to Tequila put her on tabloid front pages , as did an alleged fight with an ex-girlfriend that reportedly ended with Johnson 's hair on fire . In November , she was arrested for allegedly breaking into another former girlfriend 's house . Police said the coroner 's office will investigate Johnson 's death and issue a toxicology report . She leaves a toddler daughter , Ava . People : Johnson & Johnson heiress Casey Johnson dies Jordanian double agent The suicide bomber who killed seven CIA officials and a Jordanian military officer last week in Afghanistan was a trusted Jordanian double agent , a former U.S. intelligence official told CNN . The man had been used by both U.S. and Jordanian intelligence services in the past , and had provided information about high-value targets , the senior U.S. official said . The security breach occurred because the bomber was met off-base by U.S. intelligence officials , who failed to search him before they put him in a car and drove him onto Forward Operating Base Chapman , the former intelligence official said . Both the Jordanian and U.S. intelligence services believed the man was loyal , according to the former intelligence official . The New York Times reports that the Pakistani Taliban identified the bomber as Humam Khalil Mohammed and that he was a Jordanian doctor . The Washington Post reports his name as Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi . CNN : Suicide bomber was Jordanian double agent New York Times : Behind bombing , an agent with many loyalties Washington Post : Suicide bomber was trusted informant Carlos Allen Remember that White House state dinner that a Virginia couple , Tareq and Michaele Salahi , allegedly crashed ? Apparently they were n't the only unauthorized guests there . The Secret Service announced Monday that a third person who was n't on the official guest list made it into the dinner by entering with the delegation of Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The Secret Service did n't name the person , but The Washington Post quoted an anonymous congressional source as saying he was Carlos Allen , a Washington party promoter . Allen , the CEO of HUSH Society magazine , has denied he was at the state dinner , but Politico.com reports that Nicole Almodovar , the 2009 Miss Maryland Galaxy , says Allen told her he was there and had a good time . The State Department says this incident is now under investigation . CNN : Secret Service reports third White House party crasher Washington Post : Secret Service confirms third crasher at dinner Politico : Alleged third crasher denies report Amanda Simpson The aerospace and defense industry expert begins a new job today in Washington as senior technical adviser with the Department of Commerce . The Arizona Daily Star reports that Simpson is among the first transgendered people appointed to a position in the Obama administration . Simpson grew up in Chicago as a boy named Mitch and faced taunts while transitioning to female . She has worked for Raytheon Missile Systems and , in 2004 , was honored by the YWCA for her professional accomplishments . A Democrat , she also ran for the Arizona state legislature , but lost the general election . Arizona Daily Star : Equality key for transgender woman Eunice W. Johnson The philanthropist and widow of John H. Johnson , the influential founder of the Johnson Publishing Company , died Sunday at the age of 93 . According to the Chicago Tribune , she not only named Ebony magazine , which her husband published beginning in 1945 , but also created a fashion show -- the Ebony Fashion Fair -- that traveled across the country and internationally for five decades , bringing the creations of top designers to black audiences . Chicago Tribune : Widow of Johnson publishing founder dead at 93 What makes a person intriguing ? There are people who enter the news cycle every day because their actions or decisions are new , important or different . Others are in the news because they are the ones those decisions affect . And there are a number of people who are so famous or controversial that anything they say or do becomes news . Some of these people do what we expect of them : They run for office , pass legislation , start a business , get hired or fired , commit a crime , make an arrest , get in accidents , hit a home run , overthrow a government , fight wars , sue an opponent , put out fires , prepare for hurricanes and cavort with people other than their spouses . They do make news , but the action is usually more important than who is involved in the story . But every day , there are a number of people who become fascinating to us -- by virtue of their character , how they reached their decision , how they behaved under pressure or because of the remarkable circumstances surrounding the event they are involved in . They arouse our curiosity . We hear about them and want to know more . What they have done or said stimulates conversations across the country . At times , there is even a mystery about them . What they have done may be unique , heroic , cowardly or ghastly , but they capture our imaginations . We want to know what makes them tick , why they believe what they do , and why they did what they did . They intrigue us .	Johnson & Johnson heiress found dead at 30 Suicide bomber was Jordanian double agent , former U.S. official says Philanthropist who named Ebony magazine dead at 93
Mashable  -- At Wednesday 's announcement of Google 's +1 , the company was coy about comparing its experimental product to the longstanding Facebook Like button . But in the two companies ' ongoing battle for ad dollars , +1 is a clear shot across Facebook 's bow . Let 's follow the money for a moment . Both companies get most of their revenue from advertising . They pitch their ad services based on their ability to serve highly targeted ads that get good results for brands and businesses . They are able to target ads based on the data they gather about users . But here 's the main difference : Facebook gathers data based on user-submitted profile information . Google has to rely on roundabout ways to get data for ad targeting . And some of those methods , including cookies that track browsing behavior , are coming under fire from citizens and governments . As you can see from the chart below , Google has a lot to worry about when it comes to competing with Facebook for ad dollars . Google commands 12.6 % of the annual $ 10.1 billion U.S. online ad spend ; Facebook trumps that figure by nine full percentage points . New user acquisition Google 's +1 buttons will soon appear in Google Search , one of the most widely used services on the Internet . And clicking them will require the user to have a Google profile . As Google 's Manager of Global Communications Jim Prosser told us in an email , "  We think it 's important for users to know who they are seeing +12 s from , which is why we have the upgrade or creation of a Google profile as part of the flow of a user 's first +1 . " Facebook profiles are more or less de rigeur for anyone with an Internet connection . Meanwhile , Google Profiles -- and most of Google 's other social products , such as Hotpot and Buzz -- have mostly remained in the rarefied domain of the digerati . Making a Google Profile a requirement for those addictive little +1 buttons is a smart move on Google 's part . It may not match Facebook 's 500 million-strong membership when the feature rolls out to all users , but it has a good shot at vastly increasing levels of profile adoption . Facebook 's critical mass of users has been one of the things that 's allowed it to succeed in capturing more ad spend that Google . Even though it is a closed , unsearchable system , Facebook has the sheer number of users and amount of behavioral and demographic data to sweep up ad dollars no matter what . Data gathering for ad targeting If Google 's +1 does lead to a larger number of Google Profiles , Google will have even more personal and demographic data than it currently does about web users . Right now , Facebook has the ability to offer extremely highly targeted ads because of the kinds of data it gathers about its users . It knows whether you 're single or not , it knows your gender and sexual orientation , where you work , where you live and a great deal more . Advertisers are very excited about being able to narrow their campaigns ' scope by such finely tuned variables . If Google could get more profiles , it could increase the accuracy of its targeting beyond keywords and browsing data , potentially matching Facebook 's level of personal relevance . With the push toward Do Not Track features , including a new privacy bill introduced in the U.S. Congress , who knows how long cookie-based browsing-data gathering will last ? In short , Google needs other ways to gather data to target ads , and it needs huge amounts of this data very quickly . What better way to do this than by introducing a compelling search product with a social prerequisite ? Whether better-targeted ads from Google will positively impact clickthrough rates and inspire further advertiser confidence remains to be seen . Currently , clickthrough rates for Google AdSense and AdWords campaigns vary widely , with around 30 % of advertisers in a SearchEngineRoundtable survey reporting rates of 1 % or less . Facebook ads might be underperforming the industry standard of 1 % , as well . Socially driven recommendation engines Facebook Likes are already recognized by brands and businesses as a measurable marketing tool , and Facebook itself has been embraced as a legitimate marketing platform . Likes can act as a social recommendation engine between friends , and these recommendations count a lot when it comes to making purchase decisions . In fact , in a recent survey from Nielsen , 90 % of respondents said they had some degree of trust in a recommendation from a friend or family member . Those recommendations count more than consumer reviews or branded websites . In other words , a Facebook Like could count for more than a banner ad when it comes to moving product -- and the Like is free media . Once Google has its +1 wheels in motion , the feature stands to become a social recommendation engine , as well , but a more targeted one . On Facebook , you see Likes for brands , photos , and posts that have nothing to do with you . But on Google , you see personal recommendations for products and places you 're actively seeking out . It 's a powerful concept , and advertisers will surely want to optimize for that situation . Prosser notes , "  While we ca n't speak to what other products are doing , we think there 's a great deal of value in surfacing personal recommendations and endorsements where they 're most valuable , in search ... We 've really focused on relevance . When you +1 something , you know your friends will find it in search , but you wo n't be pushing a notification to everyone . " As DeepFocus CEO Ian Schafer told us Wednesday , "  When someone is searching for a piece of information about a product , a review , or insightful commentary , it is typically a very insular activity , " says Schafer . "  But being able to place a ` seal of approval ' next to a search result may have the effect of making a typically insular activity more collaborative -- hopefully improving the ` algorithm ' through the quality of your connections . " Search algorithms The other interesting piece of the puzzle is the SEO question . Google came at search in the 1990s with an algorithmic approach that put it head and shoulders above contemporary UGC engines . Now , it 's turning back the clock and allowing user feedback to drive search results once again . Does this mean algorithmic web search has failed ? Will user-driven search data be just as gaming-prone as algorithms are ? Google communications manager Jake Hubert wrote to us in an email , "  We rely on a fundamentally algorithmic approach to search quality because this is the most scalable way to answer more than a billion search queries each day , many of which we 've never seen before , in more than a hundred languages . Google 's algorithm is constantly evolving and improving . For example , in 2010 alone we experimented with more than 6,000 changes and launched 490 . "  Google will study the clicks on +1 buttons as another ranking signal . As with any new ranking signal , we 'll be starting carefully and learning how the signal is related to quality . " As users begin to see these +1 s from friends and others as recommendations in search results , the results will likely become more personalized and hopefully more relevant . And when it comes to search , Facebook Likes -- an unindexed piece of data in a closed network -- do n't count for a hill of beans . Who will win the war ? Which company will end up with the most users , the most data , the best targeting and the most profit ? The answer to that question largely depends on whether +1 can successfully change the game , whether this innocuous little button is actually Google 's first killer social product . But regardless , online ad spend is hardly a zero sum game , and both of these companies are setting themselves up for a long-term , multilateral tug of war to capture as much of that market as possible . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Google 's +1 buttons will be in Google Search ; clicking them will require a Google profile Google commands 12.6 % of the annual $ 10.1 billion in U.S. online ad spending If Google get more people to create profiles , it could increase the accuracy of its targeting
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Viewer discretion advised . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Recently , VBS headed to Naples , the capital of the Campania region in southern Italy , to shoot two documentaries about the Camorra , the most powerful but least understood of the Italian crime cartels . One piece was about the peculiar world of the Camorra 's homegrown Neapolitan pop stars , known as Neomelodics . The other , excerpted here , focused on the environmental emergency brought on by the Camorra 's manipulation of garbage disposal in the region . Each proved to be a strange and infuriating experience . The daytime hours were spent visiting housing blocks where every family had reported at least one case of cancer because of illegal toxic waste dumps behind their homes . Our evenings , however , were spent at town square celebrations sponsored by the Camorra two blocks away and attended by the same families we had met earlier that day . The Camorra , it was suddenly clear , was dumping toxic waste in people 's backyards and then hosting Neomelodic pop concerts in their front yards . See the rest of Toxic : Napoli at VBS.TV Today , the Camorra 's Naples is Italy on steroids , and it 's the result of a marriage of convenience between two powerful Italian forces . Neapolitans we met were , on the one hand , fed up with the garbage situation . On the other , very few had any interest in pointing fingers at the Camorra . The Gerlando family is a prime example . On one of the last days of our shoot , we spent an afternoon with sheep farmers Patrizia and Mario Gerlando at their home in the Campanian countryside . The Gerlandos were forced to leave their home in the town of Acerra  a suburb of Naples  because all of their sheep were mutating and dying due to the high levels of dioxin in the pastures where they grazed . Despite Acerra being the most well-documented case of the Camorra 's involvement in Campania 's environmental crisis , after the cameras were packed away , Mario and Patrizia told us that the Camorra had nothing to do with anything and that it would take someone like Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to come fix the situation .	VBS finds documenting powerful Italian crime cartel "  strange , infuriating " Cartel 's control of garbage disposal has resulted in environmental crisis Mutated animals , high cancer rate among consequences of years of pollution
November 2014 may well be remembered as the time when humanity first landed a robotic probe on the nucleus of a comet . Fittingly , the mission that accomplished this remarkable feat is called "  Rosetta . " In 1799 , French soldiers discovered an ancient Egyptian tablet , inscribed in 196 BC with writing in three different languages . Ultimately , this script on the Rosetta Stone , in combination with writing on an obelisk on the Nile River island of Philae , helped to unlock understanding of Egyptian hieroglyphs . This writing told of a far more ancient Egypt . Similarly , the modern-day creators of the Rosetta mission hope its exploration will unlock comets -- ancient nuclei of rock and ices that are keys to understanding the formation of our solar system . Scientists also hope the mission will provide an insight into Earth 's earliest years . Comets bombarded the young Earth . Did they bring with them much of the water that still exists on our home planet , as well as the organic molecules that life needed in order to arise on Earth ? November 2014 is significant for another reason -- the SETI Institute will celebrate its 30th birthday on November 20 . Why is this relevant to the Rosetta mission ? The SETI Institute 's mission is to explore , understand , and explain the origin and nature of life in the universe . In many ways , the SETI Institute 's goal is the same as Rosetta 's -- but on a much larger stage . The word "  life " for a researcher at the SETI Institute can be anything from a single-celled organism to a technological life form far more advanced than humans . It is the latter life form -- extraterrestrial intelligence -- that people typically associate with the SETI Institute . And the search for such intelligence stands in remarkable parallel to the spirit of Rosetta . Just as the discovery and study of the Rosetta Stone aided understanding of ancient Egypt , the detection and study of evidence from another technological civilization would place our own in a universal context . It could even give us a look into the future of our own species . Daily news reports tell of potential disaster that could befall civilization , be it in the form of global warming , a rapidly mutating virus , or an impact by a cousin of the very object that Philae will land on . Finding concrete evidence that technological societies have survived long-term elsewhere would be reassuring , even inspirational . While searches for signs of intelligent life have been ongoing for more than three decades with no detection , we have barely scratched the surface of such a quest . There are several hundred billion stars in our galaxy , and a similar number of galaxies in the known universe , all containing their own billions of stars . Recent results from the Kepler mission have shown that between 10 and 20 % of our neighborhood 's stars have planets that could be habitable . To date , our searches for the intelligent life that might have grown up around those stars amounts to one scoop of sand compared to all of the sand on all of the beaches in the world . Be not discouraged by lack of detection to date . We must dig deeper and more thoroughly . However , the SETI Institute researchers search for more than just the endgame intelligent life . They also work to fill in all gaps in the story of life , its origins , and its evolution . While the discovery of intelligent life elsewhere in the universe is similar to the end of a well-written novel , appreciation of that ending is greatly enhanced when you read the other chapters in the book . To write those chapters , SETI researchers study extremophile life forms on this planet -- organisms that live beneath ice-covered lakes in Antarctica , inside the hot springs of Yellowstone in the United States , and in the high-elevation deserts of Chile . These studies inform us about whether life likely arose on other , less hospitable planets , how to recognize that life , and how life here has evolved . Institute scientists also investigate whether strange life may inhabit other nearby worlds . Imagine finding biology on Saturn 's moon Titan , with its lakes of methane . Such life would indeed be very different from what we 're used to . Its discovery would throw open the window of possibilities for biological beings elsewhere . How often does life make the leap from microbe to intelligence ? Evidence now indicates that the basic building block of intelligence emerged on this planet some billion years ago , with increasingly intelligent life being present in the intervening years . Institute researchers study how non-human intelligent life on Earth communicates , hoping to grasp the fundamental elements of communication -- those we might find in the "  languages " of extraterrestrial communicators -- both within and across species . We are just beginning to understand and appreciate the levels and variety of intelligence that exist on this planet , and the myriad ways that other animals can and do communicate . Institute scientists play a key role in these fields , seeking both to understand the evolution of Earthly intelligence and to grasp the daunting complexity of how we might recognize and understand a message from beyond our planet . However , public funding for science education programs , while steady in magnitude , is inadequate for the task . Government funding of space exploration is also in jeopardy . But it 's these things -- engaging science teachers , iconic images of manned space missions on TV -- that inspire young people to thirst for knowledge of the universe around us , and to enter into scientific fields of research and study . As such , one of our main missions at the SETI Institute is to help educate the public and to instil a vigor for knowledge and exploration in the youth . Inspiring the next generation of scientific thinkers and explorers is paramount to our mission and our work . I believe that not only will the Rosetta mission help us understand where we come from and what our history is , but also help in inspiring a new generation to follow in the footsteps of Carl Sagan and Frank Drake . As we all celebrate the success of the Rosetta mission , those of us at the SETI Institute will continue into the fourth decade of the Institute 's existence in pursuit of our mission -- understanding the origin of life on this planet and finding evidence of it on other worlds . As we continue our quest into the future , I hope you will join us at SETI	Rosetta scientists hope mission will unlock comets ' secrets The SETI Institute will also celebrate its 30th birthday on November 20 In many ways , SETI Institute 's goal is same as Rosetta 's -- but on a much larger stage , says David Black David Black believes both Rosetta and SETI will help inspire a new generation
Casablanca , Morocco  CNN  -- A moderate Islamist party claimed victory in Morocco 's first parliamentary elections since constitutional reforms this summer . The Justice and Development Party  PJD  won 107 of the 395 seats , Interior Minister Taib Cherkaoui said Sunday . The next biggest winner was the Istiqlal Party , also known as the Independence Party , with 60 seats , the Interior Ministry 's website reported . The number of parties involved in Morocco 's multiparty system means it was unlikely a single party would win a majority of the seats , so a coalition government would have to be formed . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton offered her congratulations Saturday "  on the successful completion " of the elections . "  The United States stands ready to work with the new parliament and the people of Morocco to strengthen the rule of law , raise human rights standards , promote transparent and accountable governance , and work toward sustained , democratic reform , " she said . Turnout in the North African country was 45 % , the Interior Ministry said Friday . The National Democratic Institute -- which had 41 accredited observers from 21 countries that went to over 200 polling stations on Friday -- said in a news release that the elections "  were conducted transparently . " The voting process was described as "  technically sound " and "  without fear of tampering or procedural violations . " But one institute member , Canadian Liberal Party leader Bob Rae , also pointed to the turnout and a number of invalid and spoiled ballots as negatives . "  Seeing the number of people who actively spoiled their ballots as well as those who did not participate , it is clear that the path to real change will take more effort and time , " Rae said . Lise Storm , senior lecturer in Middle East Politics at the University of Exeter in England , said Friday that the outcome might signal whether the population is happy with the monarchy or not . The more votes for the PJD appear to indicate a desire for greater change , she said -- as opposed to votes for the bloc of traditional loyalist parties , which would suggest voters favor the status quo . Under the new constitution , approved by referendum in July , both Parliament and the prime minister have greater powers , while the monarch 's sway has been slightly lessened . The changes mean the prime minister must now be chosen from the party that wins the greatest number of votes -- which , based on the preliminary results , would be the Justice and Development Party -- rather than King Mohammed VI selecting his own nominee for the job . The reforms came after thousands of Moroccans took to the streets to demonstrate earlier this year , inspired by what became known as the Arab Spring . The youth-based February 20 Movement called for jobs and an end to corruption its members say stems from royal cronies . Analysts say economic reform is needed to create more jobs for the country 's young people , particularly many university graduates who are unemployed . Journalist Aida Alami contributed to this report .	The Islamist Justice and Development Party wins more seats than any other party Observers call the election transparent Hillary Clinton congratulates Morrocans on the "  successful " elections Constitutional reforms were approved by referendum in July
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- In separate incidents within the span of a day , five Australian troops were killed in Afghanistan : three in an apparent "  green-on-blue " attack and two in a helicopter crash , officials said Thursday . "  This is our single worst day in Afghanistan , " Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard said . In the first incident , someone wearing an Afghan National Army uniform shot and killed three soldiers inside their base in southern Uruzgan province late Wednesday Two others were wounded . The soldiers were in a group "  relaxing and talking " at the end of the day when the incident occurred , Air Marshal Mark Binskin , the acting chief of the Australian Defence Force , told reporters U.S. facing growing ` green-on-blue ' challenge Other soldiers returned fire , but the shooter escaped by scaling a fence , Binskin said . The deaths bring to 14 the number of NATO troops who have been killed in August alone in such "  green-on-blue " attacks . The other two Australian soldiers were killed when the International Security Assistance Force helicopter they were riding in crashed while trying to land in Helmand province Thursday morning . "  It appears that the helicopter has landed and rolled over , and that 's all I know at the moment , " Binskin said , adding there was no indication that enemy action was to blame . Until now , Australia had suffered only one military fatality in Afghanistan in 2012 . "  I think morale at the moment has taken a hit over this understandably , " Binskin said . Earlier this year , Australia said it would pull out its more than 1,500 troops from Afghanistan ahead of schedule . There has been a recent surge in "  green-on-blue " attacks , or insider attacks in the country . The term refers to a color coding system used by the military , in which blue refers to the friendly force , in this case ISAF ; and green refers to an allied friendly forces , in this case Afghan National Security Forces . Concerned about the uptick , U.S. Gen. John Allen , ISAF 's chief commander , ordered all allied forces at NATO headquarters in Kabul and all bases across Afghanistan earlier this month to carry loaded weapons around the clock . General : Quarter of Afghan insider attacks by Taliban Earlier this month , President Barack Obama said he is "  deeply concerned " about the growing number of deadly attacks on U.S. forces by Afghan security forces . Obama said he would talk to Afghan President Hamid Karzai to try and stop these attacks . A paper weapon to defend against ` green on blue ' attacks CNN 's Ab Qadir Sediqi in Kabul contributed to this report .	NEW : This is our single worst day in Afghanistan , " Prime Minister Julia Gillard says The soldiers were "  relaxing and talking " when the first incident occurs The other two die when their helicopter crashes during landing "  Morale at the moment has taken a hit , " an official says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II reflected Thursday on the economic and political crises sweeping the globe , acknowledging in her Christmas Day message their impact on holiday festivities . Queen Elizabeth II attends a Christmas Day service at Sandringham in Norfolk , England . "  Christmas is a time for celebration , but this year it is a more somber occasion for many . Some of those things which could once have been taken for granted suddenly seem less certain , and naturally give rise to feelings of insecurity , " she told Britons in a televised appearance from Buckingham Palace . "  People are touched by events which have their roots far across the world -- whether it is the global economy or violence in a distant land , the effects can be keenly felt at home . " In her nine-minute message , she encouraged Britons to look for happiness and courage through helping others , and singled out World War I veterans and current troops in Iraq and Afghanistan as examples of courage and sacrifice . Military veterans of the First World War recently commemorated the "  service and enormous sacrifice of their own generation , " the queen said . The families of soldiers now serving overseas carry an extra burden of worry while they are away , she added . "  In such times as these , we can all learn some lessons from the past . We might begin to see things in a new perspective , and certainly we begin to ask ourselves where it is that we can find lasting happiness . " Watch excerpts of the queen 's address " It appears , she noted , that people who seem most contented and fulfilled are "  the people who have lived the most outgoing and unselfish lives -- the kind of people who are generous with their talents or their time ... those who use their prosperity or good fortune for the benefit of others . " "  When life seems hard , the courageous do not lie down and accept defeat . Instead , they are all the more determined to struggle for a better future , " the queen said . "  I think we have a huge amount to learn from individuals such as these . " She expressed pride in her son , Prince Charles , who turned 60 last month and is one of the longest-serving heirs to the throne . He was baptized in the music room where the queen spoke , she said . Several clips -- including a few with the queen playing with Charles , as a toddler -- were shown throughout her comments . Charles has helped and supported young people through various charities , and his sons , princes William and Harry , are following his lead , the queen said . She closed her message with references to Jesus Christ , who she said lived an unselfish and sacrificial life , despite circumstances of great adversity . "  He makes it clear that genuine human happiness and satisfaction lie more in giving than receiving , more in serving than in being served . "  We can surely be grateful that 2,000 years after the birth of Jesus , so many of us are able to draw inspiration from his life and message . "	Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II was giving her Christmas Day speech Queen : Economic , political crises sweeping globe impacted on celebrations She encouraged Britons to look for happiness and courage through helping others Message was recorded from her Buckingham Palace residence
CNN  -- It 's at least as welcome as a warm face towel or the ping of the seatbelt sign going off : A beautiful view as you land . A panel of travel editors , seasoned pilots and other industry experts has drawn up a shortlist of the world 's most scenic airport approaches for users of the private-jet charter firm PrivateFly.com to vote on . Any type of landing was eligible , from the approach over rooftops used by private craft at Amsterdam Schiphol , to the ultra-low , beach-shaving descent on the Caribbean island of St. Maarten and the dip past Manhattan 's skyscraper cluster when approaching New York 's JFK . One entry that stands out for topicality on this year 's shortlist : Sochi International Airport . "  What a spectacular arrival for the 2014 Winter Olympics , " recalls one fan on the site . "  You descend over the Black Sea , watching the city and Olympic Park unfold in front of you , with a beautiful mountain backdrop . " What the shortlist  a selection is shown in the gallery above  reveals is the human ingenuity for building airports almost anywhere , on land or on sea . Or in the case of Barra Airport , in the Scottish Outer Hebrides , somewhere in between -- the beach runway is submerged at high tide . Voting in the PrivateFly.com poll closes at the end of March .	Poll shortlists most impressive airport landings Views of cities , mountains and islands all figure Sochi -- the Winter Olympics city -- is one topical inclusion
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf pledged in a speech Sunday to return to his country later this month , despite word from authorities that he will be arrested when he does so . "  I am coming , Pakistan , " Musharraf told thousands of supporters via video link in the southern city of Karachi . "  Attempts have been made to scare me , but I am not afraid of anything . " He pledged to return between January 27 and 30 . When he does , Pakistani officials said , Musharraf will be arrested in connection with the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali , a special public prosecutor in the assassination case , said a Rawalpindi court has already issued an arrest warrant for Musharraf . "  They are bound to execute the order unless a higher court sets aside the orders , " Ali said , adding that Musharraf is accused of conspiring in the assassination . Musharraf 's attorney , Chaudry Faisal , said the threat of arrest is politically motivated and has no legal bearing . The warrant is being challenged in court , the attorney said . He described the claim that Musharraf could be arrested at any time upon return as "  absurd . " The former president said Sunday that he will return even at the risk of his life . Speaking to CNN after addressing the crowd in Karachi , Musharraf said he had declined to provide a specific date because of security concerns . He spoke about the possibility of arrest , but said he expects he will be fine , so long as "  the judiciary plays its just role , and there are no interruptions . " "  There is a vacuum in Pakistan of trustworthy leaders , which is being filled by others . To exploit this vacuum , I have to be back now , " Musharraf said . He described his support as scattered , and said he needs to build it again from the ground up . "  This is a do-or-die moment for me and my party . I need to muster all the support I can , " he said . Musharraf , who resigned in 2008 , is expected to fly into Pakistan from the United Arab Emirates later this month , accompanied by up to 500 supporters , said Jawed Siddiqi , spokesman for the former president 's All Pakistan Muslim League party . "  President Musharraf told me that although the possibility of arrest is there -- there is no way of knowing what will happen , and how dangerous the situation is , until one jumps into the situation head first , " he said . Elections are set to take place in Pakistan next year ; Musharraf intends to run . On Sunday , he told Pakistanis that other politicians have failed leading the country , but "  I succeeded 100 % . " "  When I took charge of the country , it was surrounded in huge problems , " he said . " ... Today , we have to decide whether we need change or we need the same faces . " Terrorism in Pakistan , he said , "  is at its peak . We are alone in the world . " He said he restored Pakistan 's economic development , increased its global standing and strengthened the armed forces . Musharraf resigned in 2008 as the country 's ruling coalition began taking steps to impeach him . He was succeeded by Asif Zardari , Bhutto 's widower . In 2010 , the United Nations released a report that said Musharraf 's government had failed to protect Bhutto before her 2007 assassination . Musharraf has rejected such accusations , saying that Bhutto had police protection and took unnecessary risks . Bhutto 's assassination turned public opinion strongly against Musharraf in 2008 and led to his resignation and self-exile in London . In 2010 , Musharraf said the timing of his return to Pakistan would depend on the environment there . "  My going back is dependent , certainly , on an environment to be created in Pakistan and also , I would say , with certainty , that whenever the signs of the next election comes up , I will be there in Pakistan , " he said . CNN 's Aliza Kassim , Shaan Khan and journalist Wajahat S. Khan contributed to this report .	NEW : Musharraf declines to give a specific return date because of security concerns NEW : "  This is a do-or-die moment for me and my party , " he tells CNN Musharraf plans to return to his home country sometime between January 27 and 30 Pakistani official : The former president will be promptly arrested upon his return
CNN  -- U.S. defender Jay DeMerit became the first Major League Soccer signing of the Vancouver Whitecaps on Thursday , with the Canadian club set to join the lucrative North American football franchise at the start of the 2011 season . The Whitecaps were unveiled as part of the MLS in March 2009 , one of three clubs from across Canada who bid for a place in the league as part of its ongoing expansion program . New signing DeMerit has spent the last six years at English Championship side Watford , but his contract at the London-based club -- who played in the Premier League in the 2006/07 season -- expired in June . The 30-year-old -- who has played 23 times for his country , including at the 2010 World Cup in South Africa where the U.S. reached the last 16 of the competition -- told the official MLS website that he was excited about playing for a new team . "  Vancouver ticked pretty much every box that I could think of as to what I wanted . An aspiring club trying to be a part of something new and something special , " Wisconsin-born DeMerit told the official MLS website "  There 's something inspiring about being a part of something new and having ambition to make it even bigger . I feel I 'm in the right place and I 'm looking forward to getting started . " Awarded top allocation ranking , the Vancouver-based team had priority in signing any U.S. international returning to the country to play in MLS and club president Bob Lenarduzzi was quick to express his delight at having snapped up DeMerit on the Whitecaps official website "  Jay is the type of player we are looking to build our team with , " he said . "  He has excelled both at the club and international levels , and we are thrilled that Jay has joined Whitecaps FC as our first Major League Soccer player signing . " The Whitecaps will start their inaugural MLS season playing at Vancouver 's Empire stadium , before moving into the new BC Place stadium on the outskirts of the western Canadian city .	Jay DeMerit has signed for new MLS franchise the Vancouver Whitecaps U.S. international is first Major League Soccer signing for Canada-based team Whitecaps will make their debut in the MLS at the start of the 2011 season DeMerit has played for English Championship side Watford for the last six years
Describing it as a "  day that has been a long time coming , " President Barack Obama made modern history Monday by announcing the creation of a monument to honor the late labor and civil rights activist Cesar Chavez . The Cesar E. Chavez National Monument becomes the 398th unit in the National Park Service system , and the first honoring a Latino born later than the 1700s , the Park Service told CNN . It 's no coincidence the move comes less than a month before Election Day , as the president maintains a strong lead among Latinos . A big turnout among Latino supporters in states where the race is close could help Obama win re-election against GOP challenger Mitt Romney . Opinion : Obama hits a foul by honoring Cesar Chavez The president spoke at a ceremony in Keene , California , on land known as Nuestra Senora Reina de la Paz , where , from the 1970s until the early '90s , Chavez lived and led his farm worker movement . Decades ago , Obama said , when Chavez began his farm worker movement , "  no one seemed to care about the invisible farm workers who picked the nation 's food -- bent down in the beating sun , living in poverty , cheated by growers , abandoned in old age , unable to demand even the most basic rights . " "  Cesar cared , " the president said . "  In his own peaceful and eloquent way he made other people care too . " Chavez 's organized labor marches and other protests , including a boycott of table grapes , led to "  some of the first farm worker contracts in history , " Obama said . "  Let us honor his memory , but most importantly let us live up to his example . " Chavez 's movement "  was sustained by a generation of organizers who stood up and spoke out and urged others to do the same , " Obama said . Chavez , Obama said , believed that "  when someone who works 12 hours a day in the fields can earn enough to put food on the table -- maybe save up enough to buy a home -- that lifts up our entire economy . " Obama acknowledged that there 's still "  more work to do " and "  the recession we 're fighting our way back from is still taking a toll -- especially in Latino communities which already faced high unemployment and poverty rates . " Earlier Monday , the National Hispanic Leadership Agenda , a coalition of 30 Latino organizations , lauded the move . Chavez , who died in 1993 , embodied the principle "  that individuals can accomplish more as a community than they ever could on their own , " said Hector E. Sanchez , executive director of the Labor Council for Latin American Advancement , in a statement put out by the leadership agenda . The monument includes 120 acres , National Park Service spokesman David Barna said . Obama 's order puts property under federal protection that includes a visitor 's center , the United Farm Workers ' legal aid offices , Chavez 's home with his wife , Helen , a memorial garden containing his grave , and other buildings , the White House said . Barna said no sculpture is planned . The monument , in the Tehachapi Mountains , is the fourth designated by Obama under the Antiquities Act . Obama 's decision to set aside the land as a national monument also sends a political message to environmentalists -- a key group of voters , as many strongly supported him in 2008 . The League of Conservation Voters , which endorsed Obama in 2008 and for his current White House run , has not always been happy with the president 's environmental record . As debate raged in 2011 over air quality regulations and proposed construction of a transcontinental oil pipeline , LCV President Gene Karpinski said the administration had been "  caving " to industry . LCV spokesman Jeff Gohringer said Monday that establishing the Chavez monument stands as "  further proof of President Obama 's commitment to our special places across the country and we hope he continues to use that authority . " César Chávez an inspiration to president 's campaign slogan and movements The Chavez family donated certain properties to the federal government so that the monument could be created . Beginning Tuesday , the Park Service will take steps to prepare it as an official site , Barna said . It will become "  one of those places that everyone should visit , " he said , "  part of our shared cultural heritage . " The land includes property that was once Chavez 's home , which was added to the National Register of Historic Places last year . Interior Secretary Ken Salazar called him "  one of the heroes of the 20th century . " Paul F. Chavez , president of the Cesar Chavez Foundation , said at the time , "  For my father , La Paz was a personal refuge from bitter struggles in agricultural valleys and big cities , a spiritual harbor where he recharged batteries , drew fresh inspiration and prepared for the battles ahead . It was a place where many dedicated people spent years of their lives working with Cesar Chavez for social justice , inspiring generations of Americans from all walks of life who never worked on a farm to social and political activism . " Ruben Navarrette , a CNN.com contributor , wrote a column last year noting that many sites around the country are named for Chavez , and suggesting that that "  campaign " may have run its course . Still , he wrote , Chavez "  was a great American who helped bring fairness and dignity to the fields and the workers who toil there . Before Chavez and the union came along , there were no collective bargaining rights for farm workers , no toilets or clean drinking water in the fields , and little public awareness about pesticides and other dangers that workers must endure to put fruits and vegetables on our table . He helped change all that . "	Obama honors farm workers ' champion Cesar Chavez The 120-acre monument the first to recognize a Latino born after the 1700s Event comes as Obama , Romney battle for Latino votes Chavez pushed to create farmers ' union , brought attention to plight of farm workers
CNN  -- Four people -- including a 1-year-old child -- were killed when a turboprop plane slammed into a neighborhood in East Haven , Connecticut , authorities said Saturday . The chief medical examiner 's office in nearby Farmington identified those killed as William Henningsgaard , 54 , and Maxwell Henningsgaard , 17 , both of Medina , Washington ; and Sade Brantley , 13 , and Madisyn Mitchell , 1 , both of East Haven . Earlier , Blair Henningsgaard told CNN he believed his brother Bill and Bill 's son were on board . East Haven Mayor Joseph Maturo Jr. had also said two children , ages 13 and 1 , were in a house during the crash and were presumed dead . The other damaged house was unoccupied . The Rockwell International Turbo Commander 690B was registered to Bill Henningsgaard , who had worked for Microsoft for 14 years including as vice president of sales for the western United States , Australia and New Zealand . It took off from New Jersey 's Teterboro Airport on Friday morning and crashed while approaching the southern Connecticut airport around 11:25 a.m. , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . The pilot did n't indicate any problems before the aircraft slammed upside down into the neighborhood Friday , a federal investigator said Saturday . The pilot -- who had a certificate allowing him to fly the multi-engine plane -- told the control tower that yes , he could see the runway , and did n't hint at an emergency before transmissions suddenly cut off , National Transportation Safety Board investigator Patrick Murray said . It was raining at the time , though Murray did not say whether it 's been determined if weather played a role . "  We do n't have any preliminary indication that anything was wrong with that plane , " Murray said . What they do believe is that the aircraft came in inverted and nose down at a 60 - to 70-degree angle when it crashed into the side of a home about a half-mile from Tweed New Haven Airport . Before that impact , the plane approached at allowable altitude level for landing in that area , the investigator said . Murray stressed there 's still much more to be done , including ideally piecing the aircraft back together and looking for on-board equipment that may provide telling details such as speed and altitude . The fuselage entered one of the homes , according to Malloy . The right wing of the airplane could be seen in the smoldering wreckage of one house , and the left wing was in another house . Video from CNN affiliate WTNH showed smoke rising from a heavily damaged house in East Haven , and what appeared to be the tail of a plane nearby . Fire consumed both houses , initially preventing firefighters from searching for victims , East Haven Fire Chief Douglas Jackson said Friday . Maturo said the children were in one house with their mother when the plane struck shortly before 11:30 a.m. . The mother escaped , he said . "  It 's ... total devastation in the back of the home , " Maturo said . Plane crashes into Indiana neighborhood , kills 2 CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Aaron Cooper , Lauren Russell , Jason Hanna , Chelsea J. Carter , Kevin Conlon and Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities identify the four people killed , including three minors The plane struck a Connecticut house upside down Friday , an NTSB official says The pilot did not indicate any problems before the crash , an NTSB official says
CNN  -- Perhaps the biggest splash in the early going of this year 's Electronic Entertainment Expo in Los Angeles was made by Microsoft with its unveiling of Xbox SmartGlass . And while there 's a video-gaming aspect to it , the feature promises a lot more  which , to be honest , is the sort of thing that plays bigger in the rest of the world than it does at E3 , where the crowd is heavily made up of hard-core gamers who were probably more excited about the preview of "  Halo 4 "  . Less than a day after SmartGlass was introduced , details are still emerging about how it will work . But what 's clear is that the application , which will work hand in hand with the upcoming Windows 8 operating system , is Microsoft 's play to make the Xbox 360 an indispensable tool for all kinds of entertainment . First of all ... SmartGlass is not a kind of glass . Maybe it 's the buzz about the Gorilla Glass featured on the new Samsung Galaxy S III smartphone . Or the fact that touchscreens are a key part of the feature . Or -- you know -- the fact that they called it SmartGlass . But some folks have been confused on that score . The feature is actually an app . It will work with the Windows 8 operating system , which runs on both PCs and mobile devices , to link up tablets and smartphones with the Xbox console and , by extension , a user 's TV . So I need a Windows phone or tablet ? No , you do n't . Obviously , Microsoft would prefer you buy something such as the Nokia Lumia 900 or one of the many tablets expected to be released once a final version of Windows 8 is up and running later this year . But SmartGlass will also work with Apple devices , such as the iPhone and iPad , or mobile devices running Google 's Android operating system . As long as you have an Xbox 360 and either a PC running Windows 8 , mobile devices running Windows 8 or an iOS or Android device , you 're good to go . How is this different ? There are other products that do similar things -- from Apple 's AirPlay , which streams content from an iPhone or iPad to your TV , to apps such as HBO Go that provide bonus content to enhance TV shows and movies . But , at least as Microsoft describes it , SmartGlass will pull lots of those features together into one app as well as take them further . Yes , you can start watching a show on your tablet or phone , then send it to your TV or vice versa . But they say the app also will recognize TV shows or movies you were watching through an Xbox device and automatically serve up that content without you having to look for it . During a demo at Microsoft 's media event Monday , as the speaker watched a scene from HBO 's "  Game of Thrones , " a map of the show 's expansive world popped up . Then , there 's the gaming aspect . Much as Nintendo 's promised Wii U incorporates a handheld device with gameplay on a traditional console , players will be able to enhance gameplay on their mobile devices as well . During the demo , a tablet was used to call a football play in "  Madden ' 12 . " Add to that the voice and motion-control abilities already available with the Xbox Kinect system , and you can see Microsoft 's vision for making the console a centerpiece for all electronic entertainment . If the Xbox is the brains , SmartGlass "  gives users the limbs needed for a full functional , self-sufficient media beast , " Gizmodo wrote . When ? And how much ? The app is free . So , as long as you have the right hardware , there presumably will be no extra cost . Microsoft says SmartGlass will be available this fall , which is about the same time a final version of Windows 8 has been promised .	Xbox SmartGlass aims to make the console a key entertainment component App will tie TV and console with tablets and smartphones It uses Windows 8 , but Apple and Android mobile devices also will work SmartGlass app will be free and available this fall
If you 're tired of nagging your kids  or another member of your household  to brush their teeth , you have a new ally . A French company has introduced what they 're calling the world 's first connected electric toothbrush , which syncs wirelessly with a smartphone to track brushing habits , announce whether you , or your kids , have brushed thoroughly enough and reward you for good oral hygiene . For extra motivation , or shaming , the brush can share information with your social network or even your dentist . It 's called the Kolibree toothbrush , and it was unveiled this week at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , where some attendees asked if they could test prototypes on their pearly whites right there  for sanitary reasons , the answer was no  . The device will cost from $ 99 to $ 200 , depending on the model , and will be available for pre-order this summer through Kickstarter or another crowdfunding site . "  It works just like a regular toothbrush , " said Kolibree spokesperson Renee Blodgett in a phone interview . "  The only difference is that all the data is stored on your phone so you can see how you 're brushing . " Users download a mobile app and connect via Bluetooth , and the Kolibree documents every brushing via three sensors that record 1  how long you brush , 2  whether you brush all four quadrants of your mouth , and 3  whether you brush up and down  good  instead of just side to side  bad  . The data automatically syncs to your Android phone or iPhone , telling you whether you brushed long enough and reached all the crucial areas of your teeth and gums . The Kolibree app charts your progress and scores your brushing technique to encourage you , or your kids , to improve brushing habits . In this way , the device turns a mundane daily activity into a game , which its makers hope will engage people -- especially kids -- and encourage them to brush longer and more often . "  You create this incentive around brushing , " Blodgett said . The brushing data also will be available via an API to let third-party game designers develop new apps for the Kolibree system . The Kolibree toothbrush was invented by Thomas Serval , a French engineer and a leader in that country 's tech industry . He was inspired to design it after suspecting that his children were lying to him about whether they had brushed their teeth . It 's not the first "  smart " toothbrush on the market , however : The manual , $ 25 Beam Brush went on sale about a year ago . The Beam also connects to phones via Bluetooth and records brushing time , although unlike the Kolibree it can not track the brush 's movements in the mouth .	A French company has introduced what they 're calling the world 's first connected electric toothbrush The Kolibree can sync wirelessly with your smartphone to track your brushing habits Users download the mobile app , connect via Bluetooth and every brushing is recorded
CNN  As tourists stroll between Yellowstone 's 300 active geysers , taking selfies in front of thousands of bubbling , boiling mud pots and hissing steam vents , they are treading on one of the planet 's greatest time bombs . The park is a supervolcano so enormous , it has puzzled geophysicists for decades , but now a research group , using seismic technology to scan its depths , have made a bombshell discovery . Yellowstone 's magma reserves are many magnitudes greater than previously thought , say scientists from the University of Utah . Underneath the national park 's attractions and walking paths is enough hot rock to fill the Grand Canyon nearly 14 times over . Most of it is in a newly discovered magma reservoir , which the scientists featured in a study published on Thursday in the journal Science . It may help scientists better understand why Yellowstone 's previous eruptions , in prehistoric times , were some of Earth 's largest explosions in the last few million years . The Utah scientists also created the first three-dimensional depiction of the geothermal structure under Yellowstone , which comprises three parts . Yellowstone 's ultimate heat source reaches down 440 to 1,800 miles beneath Earth 's surface -- and may come from its molten core . It is responsible for fueling the newly discovered reservoir that lies on top of it . The magma chamber , which scientists already knew about , lies on top of the reservoir -- and draws magma from it . It is a three to nine miles under the surface of the Earth and is what fuels the geysers , steaming puddles and other hot attractions . It alone has a volume 2.5 times that of the Grand Canyon . But those great magma expanses do not mean that the two hellish hollows could overflow the Grand Canyon with molten rock . The overwhelming bulk of their magma cavities comprise scorching -- yet solid -- rock , which is hollow , like sponges , and filled with pockets of liquefied rock . Also , the discovery does n't mean that there is now more magma than there was before , the scientists say . And they are no signs of an imminent eruption . "  The actual hazard is the same , but now we have a much better understanding of the complete crustal magma system , " said researcher Robert B. Smith . An eruption in the next few thousand years is extremely unlikely , the USGS says . The Utah scientists put the yearly chance at 1 in 700,000 -- about the odds that you will be struck by lightning . But when it does blow , it probably will change the world . Compared to Yellowstone 's past , Mount St. Helens was a picnic , when it covered Washington state with an ash bed about the size of Lake Michigan in 1980 . Mount Pinatubo , which exploded in the Philippines in 1991 , does n't begin to scratch the surface of Yellowstone 's roar . Nor did Krakatoa in 1883 , which killed thousands , and the final explosion of which reportedly ruptured the eardrums of people 40 miles away . To understand the consequences of Yellowstone 's previous eruptions , open the history books to 1815 , when Mount Tambora blew many cubic miles of debris skyward and killed about 10,000 inhabitants of Indonesia in an instant , according to a report in Smithsonian Magazine . Its dust may have blocked sunlight around the world , chilling the air and dropping the Earth 's climate into a frigid phase that garnered the year 1816 the "  year without a summer , " some climatologists believe . It may have led to frosty crop failures in Europe and North America . Tambora blew 36 cubic miles of debris into the sky . Yellowstone has dwarfed that at least three times , the USGS says . The explosions have left deep scars , and park goers often become familiar with one -- the Yellowstone Caldera , which takes up much of the park and is lined by a roundish mountainous ridge . The caldera is a volcanic crater some 40 - by 25-miles large , left behind when 240 cubic miles of debris ruptured out of the Earth and into the air during volcanic discharge some 630,000 years ago , USGS says . Lava flowed into the breach , filling it , which may account for the lack of a deeper crater . Long before that , 2 million years ago , volcanic activity blew 600 cubic miles of Yellowstone debris into the air . Those were the two largest eruptions in North America in a few million years , the USGS said , and they each buried in ash more than a third of what is now the continental U.S. "  If another large caldera-forming eruption were to occur at Yellowstone , its effects would be worldwide , " the USGS says . It would drastically shift the world 's climate . So , it 's no wonder scientists have cast an eye on Yellowstone for a while . The Utah researchers gave the Yellowstone 's magma bowels a sort of CT scan , said lead researcher Hsin-Hua Huang . Volcanic activity triggers 2,000 to 3,000 small earthquakes per year , and the shake and shock waves travel at different speeds through molten , hot and other rock . It allowed them to develop a detailed model of the seething expanse beneath Yellowstone that makes it what it is . Here are the upper magma chamber and lower magma reservoir by the numbers . The upper chamber , which caused the historic blasts and is closest to the surface , is 2,500 cubic miles in volume and measures about 19 by 55 miles . The lower reservoir , which has a volume of 11,200 cubic miles , measures about 30 by 44 miles and is about 16 miles thick . Even if the next explosion is many thousands of years away , Yellowstone 's cavernous heat tanks poke up an occasionally surprise . The last lava flow was some 70,000 years ago , USGS says . But more recently in 2003 , ground temperatures rose high enough to dry out geysers and boil the sap in some trees . A few inches under the surface , thermometers recorded a temperature of 200 degrees Fahrenheit -- nearly hot enough to boil water . So , national park authorities closed Yellowstone to keep people from burning their feet -- or basting their tires on melting roads . Calbuco volcano erupts for first time in more than 40 years University of Utah seismologists discover magma reservoir under Yellowstone from The University of Utah on Vimeo .	Scientist measured the thousands of small earthquakes in Yellowstone to scan the earth underneath it They discovered a vast magma reservoir fueling a vast one scientists already knew about Prehistoric eruptions of Yellowstone supervolcano were some of Earth 's largest explosions
The mayor of the eastern Ukrainian city of Kharkiv underwent emergency surgery after being shot in the back , city officials and police said Monday , amid continuing unrest in the region . The attack on Mayor Gennady Kernes happened around noon local time , the Kharkiv city office official website said . It was not immediately clear who was responsible for the shooting . After a two-hour operation , Kernes was out of surgery but in critical condition , the city office said . "  The surgery was successful . His life-threatening condition is expected to go on for several days , " a statement said . "  He was unconscious when brought to the hospital . " The online statement also said a bullet casing was found at the scene . Police said an investigation unit was trying to determine the circumstances of the shooting . In a major challenge to Kiev 's new leaders , armed rebels have captured towns and government buildings across eastern Ukraine and are holding a team of European monitors hostage . Western nations accuse Moscow of supporting the separatist gunmen who are occupying official buildings in cities across the region . Sanctions The United States on Monday imposed sanctions against seven Russian government officials and 17 companies linked to Russian President Vladimir Putin in its latest action to punish Moscow for its actions in Ukraine . The White House said the seven Russians , including two from Putin 's inner circle , are now subject to a freeze on any assets they hold in the United States and a ban on U.S. travel . In addition , the United States will deny export license applications for any high-technology items that could contribute to Russian military capabilities . The Commerce and State departments will revoke any existing export licenses that meet these conditions , the White House said in a statement . "  The sanctions build on the ones that were already in place . We 're moving forward with an expanded list of individuals , " U.S. President Barack Obama earlier told reporters in Manila , Philippines . The move , Obama said , was to spur Putin to "  walk the walk , not just talk the talk " in resolving the crisis in Ukraine . If the latest round of sanctions does not work , the next phase could target economic sectors like banking , Obama said . The European Union also announced Monday that it was imposing sanctions on 15 people who are "  responsible for actions which undermine or threaten the territorial integrity , sovereignty and independence of Ukraine . " A list of the people targeted by the latest sanctions will be published Tuesday and will go into effect at the same time , the Council of the European Union said . The sanctions will include asset freezes and travel bans . U.S. and Russian defense secretaries speak U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel spoke on the phone with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu on Monday . According to a Pentagon description of their conversation , Shoigu "  reiterated his assurance that Russian forces would not invade Ukraine . " Hagel , the Pengaton said , called for an end to what he described as "  Russia 's destabilizing influence inside Ukraine " and "  warned that continued aggression would further isolate Russia and result in more diplomatic and economic pressure . " The Russian government 's description of the call said Shoigu "  definitively denied the groundless allegations of the presence of Russian sabotage and military intelligence groups on Ukrainian territory " and criticized what he called "  anti-Russian hysteria recently unleashed in the Western press . " He also criticized what he said was an "  unprecedented " increase in activity of U.S. and NATO troops in Eastern Europe near the Russian border , according to the Russian government 's description of the call . Ukrainian soldier killed A homemade bomb exploded near Ukrainian soldiers who were in the eastern Donetsk region Monday , killing one and injuring another , Ukraine 's Defense Ministry said . The death came days after Ukrainian forces said they killed five pro-Russian militants in an operation to clear roadblocks near the city of Slavyansk last week . Police are investigating Monday 's blast , the Defense Ministry said . A CNN team covering a pro-Ukraine rally in Donetsk watched violence unfold Monday as pro-Russian separatists wielding batons beat demonstrators who said they wanted to see a united Ukraine . Observer freed Pro-Russian separatists holding a European military observer team in eastern Ukraine released one of the observers for medical reasons Sunday , shortly after parading them before cameras . At least seven of the inspectors from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe appeared at a news conference staged by Vyacheslav Ponomarev , the self-declared mayor of Slavyansk , who referred to them as "  prisoners of war . " The freed observer was from Sweden and had been suffering from diabetes , Ponomarev spokeswoman Stella Khorosheva told CNN . Michael Bociurkiw , an OSCE spokesman in Kiev , called it "  a welcome development . " The monitors were seized Friday outside Slavyansk , one of the flashpoints in the standoff between Ukraine 's interim government and pro-Russian factions challenging its authority in the east . They said that although they have diplomatic status , they went along with Sunday 's news conference because the mayor asked them to . Germany strongly criticized the group 's appearance before the media . The "  parading of OSCE observers and Ukrainian security forces as prisoners is abhorrent and a flagrant violation of their human dignity , " Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said in a statement . He added that Russia had a duty to "  influence " the separatists so that the other members of the mission could be freed as soon as possible . Putin has repeatedly criticized what he says is Kiev 's use of force against Ukrainian civilians .	The European Union announces it 's imposing sanctions on 15 people Defense ministers from the United States and Russia discuss Ukraine U.S. imposes sanctions against 7 Russians , 17 companies linked to Putin The mayor of Kharkiv is in critical condition after emergency surgery
In its effort to curb game addiction among adolescents , South Korea pulled the plug this weekend on young gamers after midnight by blocking access to game websites , putting a hotly debated law into practice . The new system called the "  shutdown law , " also referred to as the "  Cinderella law , " blocks those under the age of 16 from accessing gaming websites after midnight and has fueled heated anger among younger gamers and avid game fans . The new rule does not affect mobile games or certain games used on social networking websites . As South Korea , which has one of the richest online gaming cultures in the world , tries to battle gaming addiction that has led to serious consequences , it struggles to find effective means to selectively help those in need . Roughly 8 % of the population between the ages of 9 to 39 suffers from Internet addiction , according to a study conducted in 2010 by the National Information Society Agency  NIA  , which runs a national Internet addiction counseling center . The addiction rate for those between 9 and 12 was highest at 14 % , according to the NIA . The government is heavily involved in treating people for gaming addiction by holding workshops on prevention education at schools and offering counseling for students with an addiction . However , internet users have flooded the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family , which initiated the policy , website with postings calling the new measure "  a waste of money , " "  idiotic " and "  useless , " and questioning whether it will prevent young gamers from playing into late hours . "  Do you really think that teenagers are going to give up on gaming and study ? " one posting from the website read . "  Have you even thought about what the result of this going to be before deciding to crackdown on it ? " Some called on the government to shut down the ministry , while others said parents should have the autonomy to decide how long their children can play games . South Korea 's advanced gaming culture revolves around high-speed Internet cafes where gamers can sit around the clock playing games , glitzy tournaments hosted by big brand companies and professional gamers that have celebrity status with huge fan bases . Game companies have been actively preparing for the shutdown , easing in the new regulation days before the official mandatory start date . Critics point out that many teenagers hold gaming accounts created with their parent 's personal information , easily providing them with an alternative log-in option . The controversial shutdown system already faces a petition in the constitutional courts . "  You can say someone is an alcoholic if they drink more than three bottles  of liquor  a day , but you ca n't call them alcoholic because they drink after midnight . It 's the same with gaming , " Lee Byung-chan , the lawyer who filed the petition on behalf of parents and a young gamer said . The argument is that the measure violates the right to happiness and discriminates gaming against other leisure activities such as watching movies or television . "  From the parents ' point of view , it violates their right to educate their children , " Lee added . It is for the parents to decide what time they want to allow their children to play games or not , not for the government to exclude them from that process , the argument goes .	The "  Cinderella law " blocks under-16 gamers from accessing sites after midnight A 2010 survey found nearly 14 % of 9-to-12-year-olds in South Korea are Internet addicts A court challenge is in the works One argument is that the ban discriminates , does n't cover activities such as watching TV or movies
CNN  -- Egypt 's prime minister has appointed 14 new ministers and kept 13 in their current positions in a much anticipated government reshuffle that attempted to satisfy opposition protesters that accused the country 's military rulers and the prime minister of not being serious about political and economic reforms . The names of the new appointees were leaked to the state-owned al-Ahram newspapaer Monday hours before they are expected to take the oath of office in front of Field Marshal Mohamed Hussein Tantawi , head of the military council that took control of the country after President Hosni Mubarak was ousted on February 11 . The newspaper said the names were final and no more new names will be announced . Prime Minister Esam Sharaf 's new cabinet includes reformers such as Hazem Beblawi , who was appointed finance minister and deputy to the Prime Minister . "  The coming period is a delicate one , " Beblawi said at a press conference Sunday evening . "  Especially on the economic side and that 's really what matters to the man on the street and the country 's future . " Sharaf 's new cabinet also includes Mohamed Kamel Omar in place of Mohamed Orabi as foreign minister ; Amre Helmi as health minister ; and Abdelfattah al-Banna , as minister of antiquities . Zahi Hawass , one of the most well known Egyptians internationally known for his flamboyance , was removed as minister of antiquities after reports surfaced accusing him of questionable business deals and giving national treasures as gifts to the Mubaraks . Two key ministries did not change leadership , interior and justice ministries . Experts say this may spark further protests in the coming days despite the interior minister firing more than 600 top police officials last week . Sharaf has been under enormous pressure as activists and political groups have accused him of being weak in tackling the countries ' political and economic challenges as well as demanding that the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces to carry out the goals of the January 25th revolution . The numbers of protesters , who camped out at Cairo 's Tahrir square since July 8 , dwindled from thousands to hundreds Monday , indicating some satisfaction of the cabinet reshuffle . State-run Nile TV showed hundreds of protesters still camping out on Monday . The cabinet appointments come as news of Mubarak 's deteriorating health emerged . The 83-year-old ex-ruler fell into a coma around noon Sunday , Mubarak lawyer Farid El Deeb told CNN . By Sunday evening , he had regained consciousness , said Mohamed Fathalla , the head of the Sharm el-Sheikh facility where Mubarak is recuperating . "  He is now stable after suffering a coma that did not last long , " Fathalla told CNN . Mubarak is due to appear in court on August 3 to face charges of abuse of power and killing protesters .	The new cabinet includes reformers The justice and interior ministries do not change leaderships Experts : This may spark further protests in coming days Tahrir Square campers dwindle in numbers after names are leaked
CNN  -- The backdrop to countless movies and television shows , Los Angeles has been reproduced on film more times than any other city on the planet . The L.A. metropolis spreads over nearly 500 square miles . But just like the movie sets that went up in flames last year at Universal Studios , the Tinseltown glamour is often no more than a flimsy facade . Behind the myth of Hollywood lies a swirling melting pot of a place where nearly half of people speak Spanish and where , for every rising star , there 's at least a hundred wannabes waiting tables or entertaining tourists on Venice Beach . At once a Lalaland filled with dreamers , Los Angeles has also been scene to some of the worst race riots in American history : a paradoxical place that spawned both Charlie Chaplin and Gangsta Rap . These days , aside from the smog -- an ever present in a city plagued with so many cars and so little rainfall -- the atmosphere is less toxic than two decades ago when the city was awash with crack cocaine and guns . Watch Wolfgang Puck take CNN on a tour of L.A. " Schemes to gentrify the downtown and other areas , such as the construction of the Hollywood and Highland complex that includes the Kodak Theater -- home to the Oscars since 2002 -- have gone some way to revitalizing the inner city . In any case , in a city with an estimated population of 3.8 million sprawling over a metropolis nearly 500 square miles in size , it 's easy to avoid the sharper edges if you want to . Not that that 's so surprising . After all , where better to detune from reality than in a town whose success is entirely founded on our appetite for escapism . And from its world class art galleries to the unashamed schmaltz of Disneyland and the Hollywood Walk of Fame , it offers escapism for all tastes . The Los Angeles story started in the late nineteenth century when Midwesterners attracted by the promise of a warm , dry climate followed the railroad west . The boom times risked coming to a premature halt at the turn of the century due to water shortages , but the smart engineering and dark maneuverings of the city water department  maneuverings that helped inspire the classic film noir , Chinatown  resulted in the construction of water aqueducts that ensured the city 's continued growth . See pictures of Wolfgang Puck 's Los Angeles In the end though , light was the natural resource that mattered most . From the 1920s onwards , the motion picture industry grew into a worldwide phenomenon thanks to the abundance of clear , blue skies to help light the movie moguls sets . By the time the Golden Age of Hollywood came to an end , the boom town had morphed into a sprawling urban center and the lure of the limelight had earned the city the tag it retains to this day , that of "  entertainment capital of the world . " In the early nineties , the story lost its luster somewhat when years of marginalization suffered by African Americans found a rallying point in the Rodney King beating . Despite a video that appeared to show police violently attacking King , the accused officers were acquitted . The verdict led to rioting in which 53 people died and large areas went up in flames . The city is certainly no angel , it 's true . Even so , whether it 's tattooed bodybuilders rollerblading Santa Monica Boulevard , a Marilyn Monroe look alike blowing kisses outside Grauman 's Chinese Theater or a blood red sunset dropping into the Pacific , Los Angeles is a place with a rare ability to beguile and bemuse in equal measure .	Los Angeles is known as "  the entertainment capital of the world " Since the railroad came west it has grown to a metropolis of 3.8 million The city has seen racial tensions , notably race riots in the early 90s
CNN  -- Authorities are no longer able to watch a video of scenes at a Georgia nightclub in the case of Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger because a digital video recorder system recorded over it , an attorney said Thursday . Roethlisberger , who has been the starting quarterback for the Steelers for six seasons , has been accused of sexually assaulting a 20-year-old woman at a Georgia nightspot this month . He has not been charged . Roethlisberger 's attorney has said , "  The facts show that there was no criminal activity . " Police were hoping to use the recording to glean any details and insights about the sequence of events surrounding the alleged incident , which was said to have occurred in a restroom . Carl Cansino , the attorney representing the Capital City nightclub , said police were able to see a small portion of the recording , and the club manager said he saw the entire video . Cansino said the club manager said the club 's dance floor and entrance were in the recording during the night of the alleged assault , but he could n't discern anything out of the ordinary . Police talked to Roethlisberger , 28 , and the woman at the scene immediately after the incident was reported about 2:30 a.m. March 5 at the club in Milledgeville , Georgia , said Deputy Police Chief Richard Malone . The woman "  alleged that he is the perpetrator , " Malone told reporters . Attorney Lee Parks said the woman said she is "  fully cooperating with law enforcement . " The Georgia Bureau of Investigation said the investigation is continuing and the file will be turned over to the local district attorney when it is over . "  There is a future interview scheduled at present , and she intends to keep that appointment , " Parks said . CNN 's Carolina Sanchez contributed to this report .	Lawyer says DVR recorded over nightclub video Ben Roethlisberger accused of sexually assaulting woman at Georgia nightclub Quarterback denies allegation ; attorney : "  The facts show that there was no criminal activity " Earlier request for his DNA has been dropped
CNN  -- Villa Park proved to be just the tonic for Manchester United . United had n't lost an English Premier League game at the home of Aston Villa since 1995 and the Red Devils maintained that impressive run by topping the Villains 3-0 on Sunday . White Hart Lane , meanwhile , has n't been kind to Liverpool recently but the Reds thumped Tottenham 5-0 in the late kickoff thanks to another sterling performance from Luis Suarez . Liverpool climbed to second , two points behind Arsenal . Danny Welbeck 's two early goals put United at ease and ensured the club would n't lose a third consecutive league match for the first time since 2001 . With Arsenal losing 6-3 to Manchester City on Saturday , United made up ground , too , and now trails the Gunners by 10 points with the busy Christmas fixture list approaching . "  It was a good job from us , " United manager David Moyes told Sky Sports . "  The players did well and the only thing I would criticize is that we did n't score more goals . "  We were a bit sloppy in the first five minutes but after that played really well . " But he added : "  I think we 'll play much better than that . I 've told the players that 's the least we can do and we 've got to keep going and keep winning more games . " With Robin van Persie injured , Welbeck earned the start and took advantage of his opportunity . United had joy down the right side and Welbeck was quick to pounce in the 15th minute after Adnan Januzaj hit the post with a header . It went from bad to worse for Paul Lambert 's young side when Welbeck finished off the good work of winger Antonio Valencia . Villa has registered points from losing positions this season but Tom Cleverley 's effort in the 52nd minute erased any hopes of a comeback . The assist came from Wayne Rooney , who was making his 500th appearance in club football . There was more good news for United as veteran midfielder Darren Fletcher made his first appearance of the season after battling back from colitis . "  Welcome back Mr Fletcher ! " tweeted United defender Rio Ferdinand . "  Well deserved after working so hard after being out . " Liverpool had lost five straight in the league at White Hart Lane and was without injured captain Steven Gerrard and striker Daniel Sturridge . Yet even before Tottenham midfielder Paulinho was dismissed for a boot in the chest of Suarez early in the second half , the visitor controlled proceedings . Suarez -- filling in as captain -- scored twice to boost his league leading tally to 16 and had two assists . "  It 's no different being captain but Liverpool has only one captain and that is Stevie Gerrard , " Suarez told Sky . "  We played very well and this is more important than who the captain is . "  We played very well . For confidence it is very good . " Tottenham did n't register a single shot on target . "  We could have had 11 man of the matches , " Gerrard , working for Sky as an analyst , said . Suarez and Jordan Henderson handed Liverpool a 2-0 lead at the interval before Paulinho 's red card in the 63rd minute . John Flanagan 's first Premier League goal -- a half-volley stunner -- a Suarez chip and Raheem Sterling 's low finish completed the rout . Boos rained down at the Lane at the final whistle . Only a few weeks ago Tottenham suffered another embarrassing defeat , 6-0 at Manchester City . "  I assume the responsibility of the failure , " said Tottenham manager Andre Villas-Boas . "  We have to bounce back again like we did after City . "  In the Premier League things are n't going as we expected so it 's normal the frustration is there from everyone . " Tottenham sits seventh , one spot ahead of United . In Sunday 's other Premier League game , Norwich and Swansea drew 1-1 . Nathan Dyer scored the opener for Swansea but was later stretchered off with a suspected fractured ankle . "  We have to wait a couple of days for an X-ray and a scan , and we all cross our fingers to hope it is not that bad , " said Swansea manager Michael Laudrup . "  That will overshadow everything else . "	Manchester United beats Aston Villa 3-0 to end a two-game league losing streak Danny Welbeck scored two goals for United as it extended its dominance at Villa Park Aston Villa last beat United at home in the league way back in 1995 Liverpool crushes Tottenham 5-0 to end five-match league losing streak at White Hart Lane
When Derrick Bell was a young lawyer in the Department of Justice 's new Civil Rights Division in the late 1950s , his supervisor told him to drop his membership in the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People . Bell refused , and soon saw his caseload reduced and desk moved into the hallway . Eventually he resigned . It would not be the last time Bell gave up a prized position for a principle . Years later , he left Harvard Law School -- where he had been the first tenured African-American professor -- over the lack of any black women on the faculty . Bell was a legal scholar who broke racial barriers in a career that influenced students , including a young Barack Obama at Harvard . He died last October . Now Bell is in the news , due to a video clip made public by the website of the late conservative activist Andrew Breitbart , who died March 1 at age 43 . Breitbart had promised to release videos of Obama as a student at Harvard Law School that he said would show people "  why racial division and class warfare are central to what ` hope and change ' was sold in 2008 . " The clip made public on Breitbart 's website this week shows Obama introducing Bell at a Harvard demonstration in 1991 . Obama encourages the crowd to "  open up your hearts and your minds to the words of Professor Derrick Bell " and then embraces him . To Breitbart and those at his website , the clip proves a connection between Obama and a radical academic with an anti-white message . They seek to link Bell to the Rev. Jeremiah Wright , Obama 's former preacher in Chicago who became an issue during the 2008 presidential campaign because of anti-white pronouncements . Joel Pollak , the editor-in-chief of Breitbart.com , called Bell "  the Jeremiah Wright of academia " in an interview Thursday on CNN . He argues that Obama 's association with Bell and Wright shows his leaning toward radical social views , and that such issues need to be fully vetted in an election year . "  It carries over into his governance because his Justice Department wo n't treat black civil rights violators the same way it treats white civil rights violators , " Pollak said , adding "  there 's a racial pattern in which justice is enforced and it gives us a sense of how Barack Obama thinks about these issues . " However , many who knew Bell through his legal and teaching career express admiration for his life 's achievements and his academic prowess . "  Bell 's pursuit of racial and social justice and his dogged critique of liberal incrementalism in universities and elsewhere was like a persistent wind that changed the landscape of law schools and influenced the larger academic world as well , " wrote Harvard law professor Lani Guinier and Texas School of Law professor Gerald Torres in a remembrance of Bell published in the "  Chronicle of Higher Education . " "  He worked in so many ways : a mentor to many of today 's leading academics , a master teacher whose commitment to his law students was unquestioned and unmatched , and a provocative scholar and critic , " Guinier and Torres continued . "  He was a celebrated maverick before that word lost its luster . " Guinier had particular reason to honor Bell . In 1998 , she became the first black women granted tenure as a Harvard Law School professor , six years after Bell 's departure over that issue . Bell was a founder of critical race theory , which examined the intersection of race , power and law in a harsh portrayal of American society as one dominated by class and racial conflict . His book "  Race , Racism , and American Law " is taught in civil rights courses today , and those in the legal world offer a more comprehensive description of critical race theory than Pollak 's assertion that it "  is all about white supremacy . " In their remembrance , Guinier and Torres wrote that critical race theory "  challenged liberalism for failing to go far enough in opposing the entrenched interests that historically benefited from the racial caste system that was being dismantled . " According to Guinier and Torres , the theory contends that racial liberalism in the 1950s and '60s relied solely on litigation as a strategy and focused on "  top-down social reform " that emphasized interracial contact to promote tolerance . "  As Bell recognized , that strategy left poor whites haunted by the sense that they had been betrayed by the elites ; at the same time , it enabled them to blame blacks as the beneficiaries of that betrayal , " Guinier and Torres wrote . "  Bell led scholars in many disciplines to see how the interests of middle - and upper-class whites drove social change . Thus , litigation alone would not produce significantly new and inventive policy solutions . " Bell challenged the foundations of what he saw as racial injustice with little regard for political leanings or labels . For example , the New York Times obituary on Bell noted that he once wrote that the violence from school desegregation in the United States after the Supreme Court 's landmark 1954 decision in Brown v. Board of Education made him wonder if an order for equal schools for both races would have been a better outcome . Guinier and Torres cited what they called Bell 's "  groundbreaking analysis " of what he labeled the interest convergence dilemma . "  The interest of blacks in achieving racial equality will be accommodated only when it converges with the interests of whites , " they quoted from Bell 's writing . Bell 's teaching included the use of narrative structure and storytelling to illuminate and challenge thinking on race , class and gender . One of his stories , "  Space Traders , " is a biting political and social satire that HBO made into a TV movie starring Robert Guillaume . It 's about an alien offer to solve America 's economic and energy problems in exchange for removing the nation 's dark-skinned population . "  Derrick chose to speak and write in parables , " said John Sexton , a student of Bell 's who became president of New York University , in a eulogy at a memorial service in November . "  He created his own way of teaching about race through allegorical conversations stripped of pretense and euphemism . He examined complex dynamics of behavior through the simple need to hear and tell stories , among the most ancient of human tools . " Bell also came under criticism in his career . U.S. Appellate Court Judge Richard Posner , a conservative , wrote in the New Republic magazine in 1997 that critical race theory "  turns its back on the Western tradition of rational inquiry , forswearing analysis for narrative . " "  Rather than marshal logical arguments and empirical data , critical race theorists tell stories -- fictional , science-fictional , quasi-fictional , autobiographical , anecdotal -- designed to expose the pervasive and debilitating racism of America today , " Posner wrote . "  By repudiating reasoned argumentation , the storytellers reinforce stereotypes about the intellectual capacities of non-whites . " Sexton , who hired his former professor at NYU , said Bell was "  a seeker and lover of truth , a radical in the sense that he chose to live ethically in a deeply flawed society " and "  a scholar who spoke and wrote the truth of his own profound and deeply scarred experience of injustice with honesty and eloquence . " "  He wrote and spoke with powerful authenticity about race in ways that alienated not only many an adversary but also many a friend , some who even begged for his silence , " Sexton said . "  But he knew that the cost of silence to his soul could exceed the sacrifice of good opinion and material goods to himself . " To Sexton , Bell "  knew that he was meant to strive , to struggle , and to push -- there would be no short cuts . " "  Yes , Derrick rocked the boat , " he continued . "  He also shook the tree , yielding fruits of exceptional scholarship that nourished the discipline of law and thousands of colleagues , students and friends , whom he inspired to teach each other the law and to stand up , speak out , and find joy and satisfaction in stretching the boundaries of justice . " In particular , Sexton said , Bell "  placed his courageous and ardent protests within a crucible of reverence for every human being . " Guinier and Torres wrote in their remembrance that Bell 's ideas and life experiences were inseparable . They quoted him from an NPR interview in which he described being a civil rights lawyer in the 1960s , flying from town to town to get information on discrimination and then returning to New York to file complaints and litigate the cases . "  And I thought that my place in heaven was assured , " Bell told NPR . Only later did he realize nothing would change if local people failed to organize , telling NPR : "  I am much more humble with regard to my role today than I was as a young civil-rights lawyer . "	Derrick Bell is in the news because of a video on a conservative website The video shows a young Obama embracing Bell at a 1991 Harvard demonstration Bell , who died last year , was a major academic on race and the law The website of the late Andrew Breitbart claims Bell promoted anti-white views
Bangalore , India  CNN  -- Nineteen-year-old Reshma Banu sits on the stairs outside her parents ' home , staring at the tiny screen on her cell phone . The video on the screen has her mesmerized : a very short home video of her baby girl , Afreen . The moments captured are precious because they show Banu 's only child alive and well . Afreen died in the hospital . She was three months old . Authorities say the baby was admitted to the hospital with bite marks , cigarette burns and a dislocated neck . Police say she was killed by her father . "  After my delivery my husband had come to see me and the baby . He said , ` It is a girl , why did you give birth to a girl ? ' " He wanted a boy , an heir . Girls were too expensive , he said . A couple of days after giving birth , Banu says her husband gave an ultimatum . "  For her wedding we will require a hundred thousand rupees  about US$ 1,800 dollars  for all the expense . If you can get that amount from your mother , then keep her , but if you ca n't , then kill her , " Banu recalled her husband as saying . She did n't believe he meant it and was sure he would change his mind once he held his soft , bright-eyed baby girl . Three months later , her baby is dead , and her husband is under arrest , accused of beating the baby to death . Police say he confessed to the killing . This is by no means the first case of its kind in India . Attitudes , traditions , and economics have come together to make being a girl a dangerous prospect in the country , doctors say . Most of the time girls are disposed of long before they are born . How ? Sex-selective abortions . U.S. House of Representatives rejects abortion ban based on sex of fetus India has a growing gender gap : The 2011 census showed that for every 1,000 boys six years or younger there were only 914 girls . It is the lowest child sex ratio since India 's independence in 1947 . The United Nations has said India is the most dangerous place to be a girl . Dr. Anand Krishnan at All India Institute of Medical Sciences  AIIMS  , who has studied the gender gap for years , agrees . "  Yes , largely this is from the point of view of mortality statistics for girls versus boys , " Krishnan told CNN . Sex-selective abortions are against the law in India but are still happening at an alarming rate , he said . His study shows a surprising trend : Sex selective abortions among the educated and well-off seem to be more prevalent than among the desperately poor and uneducated . Despite greater prosperity , their mindsets have not changed and they have the money to pay for ultrasounds and abortions . "  A boy is seen as a better investment . They prefer boys , " Krishnan said . The explanation goes something like this : In traditional Indian families the men marry and bring their bride home to live and take care of his parents . Girls , on the other hand , marry and leave the home without providing extra financial support . Moreover , a girl 's family can go broke trying to pay a dowry to get her married . Although outlawed in India , dowries are still common and take different forms throughout society . Indian law also forbids doctors to tell a couple the sex of their child after an ultrasound , but many clinics break the law and do so anyway . India has made an effort across the country to stop female infanticide . CNN visited a village in Haryana state with one of the worst ratios of boys to girls , according to the Indian government . A campaign is under way to change villagers ' minds about girls . Tiny placards above the doors of several homes say in Hindi : "  If you get rid of your girls , where will you find your daughter-in-laws ? " A teenage boy wore a T-shirt that said , "  Save our girls . " Nonetheless , there were young boys everywhere and only a few young girls . Villagers only affirmed why there appeared to be an imbalance . "  Girls are mostly aborted here . The people want more boys . There is a shortage of girls , " Chandravati said without hesitation . The villager was taking care of her neighbor 's newborn baby girl . She cooed at the baby while blowing cigarette smoke into its tiny little face , oblivious to the dangers second-hand smoke could pose . She told us the poorest people do n't have the money to abort , so they are forced to keep girls , but those who can afford an ultrasound and abortion get rid of female fetuses . "  So much money is required to get them married . Where will the money come from ? " she said . "  Everything is so expensive these days . " But India is a country filled with in-your-face contradictions . When it comes to women and girls it is a place where the discarding of girls is juxtaposed with the fact that India has a female president and speaker of the House -- and its most powerful politician is a woman , Sonia Gandhi . Indira Gandhi , Sonia 's mother-in-law , became India 's first woman prime minister and one of the world 's first female heads of government . In 2011 the latest census data showed the literacy rate for girls is growing faster than for boys . Banu , whose husband is accused of killing their baby , and her parents say they always believed a baby -- boy or girl -- was a blessing . Her mother , Maqbool Bi , had four girls and a boy . Though the family is poor , she raised her girls with great hope for their futures . "  With all that is there in my heart , my heart breaks every time I recall what happened -LSB- to my granddaughter -RSB- . Even when I was starving I raised my children , all four of them . I used to pray to God to save me from seeing any of my children die before my own eyes . My children should succeed in life . They should make us proud , " she said . Banu now lives with her parents in a tiny two-room home filled to a bursting point with family members . She will spend her life struggling with the fact that she never got the chance to raise her first child because the baby was born a girl . With tears welling in her eyes , Banu said , "  She had just come into the world . She was like a flower bud , and he killed her . I lost my daughter . What can be worse than this ? " Is tide turning against killing of infants in Ethiopia ? CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Indian man is accused of killing 3-month-old baby girl because he wanted a son The United Nations says India is the most dangerous place to be a girl It 's common to abort female babies because boys are seen as ` better investments ' For every 1,000 boys 6 years and under , there are 914 girls -- the lowest ratio since 1947
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Imagine the Batmobile busting bad guys in Bismarck , North Dakota , or "  Knight Rider 's " KITT corralling criminals on the Pennsylvania Turnpike . Carbon Motors Corp. 's E7 concept vehicle was on display recently near the U.S. Capitol . Carbon Motors Corp. 's new high-tech cop car prototype might not be quite up to superhero specs , but some police say it could be a welcome addition to their arsenal . "  I do n't see any downside to this car , " said Carl Latorre , a Pennsylvania State Police dispatcher who served 35 years as a Philadelphia police officer . "  I am so excited about this car . This car rates up there with cops carrying automatic weapons to combat what the criminals carry now . It 's about time that something like this came about . " OK , so it does n't have a nanotech cloaking capability or rocket boosters , but every feature on the Carbon E7 concept vehicle draws on suggestions from more than 3,000 law enforcement professionals . The result is a futuristic prowler with a 300-horsepower clean diesel engine , flashing lights visible from all angles , an ergonomic cockpit , an onboard computer with voice command and instant license plate recognition , integrated shotgun mounts , and more .  Weapons of mass destruction detectors are available as an option -- seriously .  See how the E7 stacks up against KITT and the Dark Knight 's Tumbler " The E7 was designed by cops for cops , breaking the tradition of recruiting family sedans into the force , company co-founder Stacy Dean Stephens said . "  The current vehicles that they  police departments  use were designed for driving around , going to the grocery store , taking kids to school -- things like that , " Stephens said . "  You do n't have an engineer sitting at one of the other automakers who says , ` Y' know , I think what we need to do is we need to take this car , and we need to run into a curb at 50 miles an hour and see how many times it takes before the wheels and the suspension fails on it . " The rear passenger compartment alone is enough to make experienced cops get teary-eyed . The rear-hinged "  suicide doors " make it easier for handcuffed passengers to get in and out , and the seat is designed so "  guests " can ride comfortably with their hands cuffed behind their backs . For officer safety , Latorre likes how the seat belts are anchored in the center of the seat and buckle near the door so the officer does n't have to lean across the prisoner . "  When you put a prisoner in the back seat , you 're supposed to strap him in , " Latorre said . "  Nowadays , you have to make sure your gun is n't going close to his hands , and how are you going to strap somebody in doing that ? " Perhaps most popular among cops is the rear compartment , which is sealed off from the front and made entirely of seamless , washable plastic , with drain plugs in the floor . "  Numerous times I 've had less than pleasant experience " with prisoners vomiting or relieving themselves in the back seat , said Stephens , a former Texas police officer . The seat innovations are up front , too , where the seats have recesses to accommodate officers ' bulky gun belts . "  The front seat -- I could n't believe the front seat . They thought of everything , " Latorre said . "  You do n't know how difficult it is to get out of a car . The first thing you 've got to do is adjust your gun belt . The gun belt should n't be a problem . " The E7 can go 0 to 60 mph in 6.5 seconds , has a top speed of 155 mph and can withstand a 75-mph rear impact , according to the company 's Web site . It has bullet-resistant panels in the doors and dash and has push bumpers incorporated into the aluminum frame . The upper flashing lights are integrated into the roof panel , eliminating the need for a bolted-on light bar that causes aerodynamic drag -- reducing fuel economy -- and can lead to rust . Watch police check out the car and hear the engine growl " Despite the technological "  wow " factor and officer enthusiasm , the E7 could prove to be a tough sell . "  The people are very intelligent and smart that are setting this up , " said Lt. Michael Arnold , fleet manager of the Bismarck , North Dakota , police department . "  What scares me is they do n't give you a price . " Company officials say the price -- possibly around $ 50,000 per unit -- will be "  competitive " considering the cost of equipping a conventional car for police work and how long each vehicle lasts . The Carbon E7 will be built to last 250,000 miles , compared with 75,000 to 120,000 miles for the typical patrol car , Stephens said . "  When it 's all said and done it 's a matter of how much it costs per mile , " said Bismarck Deputy Chief Fred Wooten . Regardless of how good it looks on paper , a state or big-city agency wo n't be willing to take a chance on a vehicle with no track record , said Detective Mary Wheat , spokesperson for the Portland , Oregon , police department . "  If they do cost $ 50,000 , nobody 's going to buy them , " Wheat said . "  Nobody 's going to buy them . No , police agencies ca n't afford $ 50,000 cars . We have huge fleets of cars . We have hundreds of them ; hundreds and hundreds of cars . And we turn them over . I mean , we ride them hard . Those cars are used on a 24-hour basis . That would n't work . " But municipalities do n't balk at paying large sums for other purpose-built vehicles such as firetrucks and ambulances , countered Latorre , the Pennsylvania officer . "  They do n't say , ` Oh , here 's a box truck ; go fight fires with it ' or ` Here 's an E-250 cargo van ; go pick up patients with it , ' do they ? , " he said . "  So I do n't see why the municipality would n't say , ` You know what ? This -LSB- police car -RSB- is nothing but a plus for us . ' " The company , based in Atlanta , Georgia , does n't yet have a factory , but has named five states where it could locate : Georgia , Indiana , Michigan , North Carolina and South Carolina . Production is scheduled to begin in 2012 , Stephens said . Carbon does n't expect to take over the market quickly , instead counting on a few "  early adopters " willing to take a risk on a few vehicles and work out the kinks to everyone else 's satisfaction , Stephens said . Hundreds of agencies already have made online reservations for thousands of Carbon Motors vehicles , putting the company "  very well on our way to selling out our first year , " he said . Wheat praised the Carbon team 's entrepreneurship and suggested the company market its car first in smaller towns with less red tape and simpler bidding processes . That works for Wooten , the deputy chief in Bismarck . "  We 'll be more than happy to field test one , " he offered . "  If it works as advertised , we 'll probably have a fleet of them someday . "	Carbon Motors ' E7 prototype is not your father 's Crown Victoria Vehicle designed bumper to bumper by cops , for cops Car features high-performance engine , integrated gadgets , ergonomic cockpit Whether governments will buy it is the big unanswered question
Johannesburg , South Africa  CNN  -- An England fan who allegedly appeared in the English team 's changing room following a Friday night World Cup match was arrested by South African police and faces a charge of trespassing , authorities said . The man , 32 , was arrested Sunday morning at a Cape Town hotel following an investigation , police said in a statement . He was not identified . The man allegedly appeared in the dressing room following the World Cup match between England and Algeria , authorities said . The two played to a goalless draw at Green Point Stadium in Cape Town . "  The South African Police Service initiated an investigation into the incident immediately after it was reported to us at a debriefing after the match , " according to the statement . Surveillance camera footage was analyzed , allowing authorities to identify the man and trace him to the hotel . "  The National Prosecuting Authority of the Department of Justice has cooperated fully with the South African Police Service on this investigation and has assured us that the individual will appear in court to face the charge of trespassing some time today , " police said Sunday . England 's Football Association formally complained to World Cup organizers following the incident . No one was harmed and the fan was n't in the dressing room for long , but FA spokesman Mark Whittle told CNN Saturday the security breach was "  not acceptable . " Security personnel including police will be placed within the inner perimeter of stadiums in World Cup host cities to prevent similar incidents from taking place , authorities said . British news outlets reported the breach happened moments after Britain 's Princes William and Harry had left the dressing room . William serves as president of the FA and the brothers both watched the game from the stands . A member of FIFA escorted the fan from the premises , according to police . CNN 's Alex Thomas contributed to this report .	Man arrested in World Cup security breach Police identify , track suspect through camera footage Man appeared in English team 's changing room following Friday match Authorities say he faces a charge of trespassing
EW.com  -- "  Maleficent " managed to enchant audiences and take flight opening weekend while Seth MacFarlane 's sophomore effort , "  A Million Ways to Die in the West , " stumbled out of the gates . Disney 's gothic fantasy , a PG-rated re-imagining of the classic Sleeping Beauty villain starring Angelina Jolie in the titular role , netted an estimated $ 70 million from 3,948 locations -- $ 6.7 million of which was from the 347 IMAX screens . Boasting an A Cinema Score , the $ 180 million pic also brought in $ 100.6 million internationally from 47 territories  40 percent ahead of "  Oz : The Great and Powerful "  , bringing its global cume to a mighty $ 170.6 million . It opens in China on June 20 and in Japan on July 4 . "  We 're feeling great , " Dave Hollis , Disney 's distribution head told EW . "  We came into the weekend thinking that we were going to do somewhere around $ 60 million and to end up with $ 70 million is a really encouraging start . " EW : Review of ` Maleficent ' As far as "  Maleficent 's " demographics go , 60 percent of audiences were female , 45 percent families , and 18 percent teens . On Saturday , audiences were strong at all showings , from matinees to late night . "  It feels like there 's some momentum and great word-of-mouth helping to propel the picture overall , " said Hollis . "  It 's good to see that during the daytime you can be a really meaningful option to families . " But , the late-night business is key , too , he said . It shows that it appeals to a cross-section of demographics . He added : "  It 's a nod to the draw of Angelina Jolie . She has had such extraordinary passion for this role . " EW : Angelina Jolie Q&A - Bringing malevolent ` Maleficent ' to life Last weekend 's shiny new comic book movie , "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " plummeted 64 percent in its second weekend with $ 32.6 million to take the No. 2 spot . Most high-opening actioners are front-loaded , so this was n't unexpected , although it is on the higher end . Second weekend falls have been all over the place in this seven-movie franchise . For comparison 's sake , "  X-Men : The Last Stand " fell nearly 67 percent in weekend two , while X-Men : First Class fell only 56 percent . But the Fox saga is doing just fine . The $ 200 million film has made an estimated $ 162 million domestically , and $ 500 million worldwide . Seth MacFarlane 's "  A Million Ways to Die in the West "  B Cinema Score  did not fare so well , opening in third place with $ 17.1 million from 3,158 locations . That 's less than half of what Ted opened at in 2012  $ 54.4 million  , and also below studio and analyst expectations , which assumed that the Western comedy would at least break $ 20 million . In terms of the audience , 45 percent were female and 28 percent were under 25 for the raunchy R-rated pic . Internationally , "  A Million Ways " opened in 21 territories and brought in $ 10.3 million , bringing its worldwide total to $ 27.4 million . Westerns are historically a tricky genre to track , and combined with the fact that MacFarlane is an untested lead  as himself at least  , this was much more of a wildcard than we initially assumed . But , the pic , which reportedly cost a modest $ 40 million to produce , could have legs amongst MacFarlane 's devotees in the long run . "  I 'm disappointed . I would n't tell you otherwise , " Nikki Rocco , Universal 's President , Distribution , told EW . "  We would have hoped it would have been a little bit better , but it 's not a grave loss to the studio . " Rounding out the top five are Warner Bros. and Legendary 's "  Godzilla " and "  Blended "  Warner Bros. as well  . The King of the Monsters brought in $ 12.23 million in its third weekend in theaters , bringing its domestic total to $ 174.66 million . Finally , in weekend two , Adam Sandler 's comedy "  Blended " managed to beat out Neighbors  now in its fourth weekend in theaters  to take the fifth place spot with $ 8.43 million . The $ 40 million pic has made an estimated $ 29.63 million to date , domestically . Here 's the top five : 1 . Maleficent -- $ 70 million  domestic total : $ 70 million 2 . X-Men : Days of Future Past -- $ 32.6 million  domestic total : $ 162.1 million 3 . A Million Ways to Die in the West -- $ 17.1 million  domestic total : $ 17.1 million 4 . Godzilla -- $ 12.23 million  domestic total : $ 174.66 million 5 . Blended -- $ 8.43 million  domestic total : $ 29.63 million UPDATE : In the specialty box office world , Cinedigm 's "  Night Moves , " starring Jesse Eisenberg as a radical environmentalist , made $ 24K from two locations . Entertainment One 's "  The Grand Seduction , " starring Brendan Gleeson and Taylor Kitsch , opened in three locations to $ 18K , and Sebastian Junger 's Korengal made $ 15K from one location . Next weekend Warner Bros. ' "  Edge of Tomorrow , " starring Tom Cruise and Emily Blunt , takes on Fox 's teen drama "  The Fault in Our Stars , " starring Shailene Woodley and Ansel Elgort . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The Disney film came in first place "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " dropped 64 percent "  A Million Ways to Die in the West " did n't do well
In his first-ever interview as the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani defended his country against allegations of funding terrorism and pledged support for the fight against ISIS for the long haul . "  We do n't fund extremists , " the Emir told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday . "  If you talk about certain movements , especially in Syria and Iraq , we all consider them terrorist movement . " "  I know that in America and some countries they look at some movements as terrorist movements . ... But there are differences . There are differences that some countries and some people that any group which comes from Islamic background are terrorists . And we do n't accept that . " It would be a "  big mistake , " he said , to consider every Islamic movement to be "  extremists . " The Qatari government itself has long been criticized for hosting and financing Islamic extremists in Syria and elsewhere ; an Israeli diplomat has even gone so far as to call the country , "  Club Med for terrorists . " Nonetheless , the small , but rich Gulf nation has become a key member of the U.S-led effort to route ISIS in Syria . The country hosts one of the largest American military bases in the Middle East . Qatar , like other coalition countries , will "  stay in it for a while , " the Emir , 34 , told Amanpour . "  We 've been asked by our American friends if we can join , and we did . " Who is the enemy ? There are some crucial differences in Qatar 's approach to the chaos in Syria , and America 's . The Obama administration has said explicitly that while Bashar al-Assad , Syria 's brutal strongman , has lost all legitimacy , he is no longer a priority . Qatar could not disagree more . "  The main cause of all this is the regime in Syria , and this regime should be punished , " the Emir said . "  We 've been saying that from day one , that if we do n't stop the bloodshed in Syria and we do n't stop Bashar committing genocide on his own people , this is where we 're going to reach . " "  Unfortunately , we are in a situation now that the Syrian people , who demanded for their freedom , are between a regime , brutal regime , and terrorist acts . " "  If we think that we 're going to get rid of the terrorist movements and leave those regimes doing what -- this regime especially , doing what he is doing -- then terrorist movements will come back again . " America has now done what President Barack Obama so long wanted to avoid -- intervention in the Syrian war . But it remains very unlikely that he would expand the mission to combat the Assad regime . Would Qatar , Amanpour asked , expand its mission in Syria to do after the regime ? "  Qatar can not do that by itself , of course . If there is a coalition that will help and protect the Syrian people , we will be part of it . " A troubled region Qatar 's relationship with Syria , of course , is from the only the only source of controversy in its foreign policy . During the Arab Spring , many accused Qatar of backing the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt and the Qatari-run cable news network Al Jazeera of instigating unrest around the Middle East . The Emir contended that far from playing sides , Qatar backed every Egyptian government since Hosni Mubarak stepped down . He did acknowledge that many members of the Muslim Brotherhood , who have fled Egypt en masse , have been offered shelter in Qatar . "  Many of them left and some of them came to Qatar because they were traveling and they were afraid . " "  Some of them are still there , " he said . "  They know the rules of the country -- that as long as you 're here , you ca n't practice politics against any other Arab country . " Qatar is also a vocal supporter of Hamas , the Palestinian organization , which controls Gaza and which the United States considers a terrorist organization . Amanpour asked whether Qatar would continue its support of Hamas . "  We support all Palestinian people . We believe Hamas is a very important part of the Palestinian people . " "  What is the difference between Hamas 10 years ago and Hamas now ? I believe the difference is that Hamas are more realistic now . They believe in peace and they want peace . But it 's for the other party to believe in peace as well and to be more realistic . " A troubled World Cup Nothing shows Qatar 's desire to have its moment in the sun better than its successful bid to host the World Cup in 2022 . It would be the first Muslim country to do so . The bid has been mired in controversy , amid allegations of bribery and horrific labor conditions for those building the stadiums and infrastructure . Qatar 's scorching summer weather has also been a source of considerable tension ; some have suggested that the tournament should be moved to the winter , though that would wreak havoc on soccer league schedules around the world . "  People should understand that Qatar had the best bid , and Qatar will provide and will do one of the best World Cups in history , " the Emir said . "  And I 'm sure about that . " "  People do n't want to accept , do n't want to realize that a small country , Arab , Muslim country , can host a big event like that . " The International Trade Union Confederation says that well over 1,000 migrant workers have died in Qatar since construction began , and 4,000 could be dead by the time the World Cup starts . "  Yes , it 's true -- we had problems , " the Emir said . "  We 're solving the problems . We 're enforcing the laws -- it 's not acceptable . " "  We changed the laws . They are enforced and there are many laws that have been changed . And I 'm telling you because I am personally hurt about the situation . " When asked by Amanpour , the Emir said that the laws would "  definitely " be enforced , and workers would "  definitely " get paid their fair wage . "  All the media is concentrating on Qatar due to the World Cup , " he said . "  If we have problems I do n't mind the talking about problems . But also we need to talk other -- about other things , about those laws that we did . " In order protect players from the heat of Qatar 's summer , the country is development complex air conditioning systems for its stadiums . "  We have this technology for ten years now and it 's working in ... one of our stadiums . " "  One hundred percent it will be working " for the 2002 Cup , he said . And what of the suggestion that the Cup be moved to winter ? "  Our bid was for it to be in summer , " he said . "  At the end , it 's up to the FIFA to decide when is the best time . " "  We 're ready for both . "	World makes too many generalizations about Islamic movements , he says Sheikh says Qatar is prepared for long fight against ISIS Emir claims his country will be ready to host 2022 World Cup
CNN  -- Police in Glendale , Arizona are investigating the stabbing deaths of a husband and wife who were found dead on the grounds of Luke Air Force Base . Their bodies were found Sunday night inside a post office on the base , according to Glendale police Detective Jeff Doukas , who said more details are expected to be released Monday morning . A knife was found at the scene , said Capt. Carla Gleason , a base spokeswoman . "  There is no indication that there is a threat to any military personnel or families , " said .	A man and woman are found stabbed to death at Luke Air Force Base A knife was found at the scene There 's no threat to military personnel , a base spokeswoman said
CNN  -- Expectations are high for Sebastian Vettel this year . And , as Formula One 's youngest double world champion , you might expect some of that success to go to his head . But one of the men who knows him best , and whose job it is to channel the skills that have put Red Bull at the top of elite motorsport , is adamant that he is working with a "  grounded superstar . " Team principal Christian Horner is in no doubt that the 24-year-old German driver , who returned to the wheel in the third day of testing in Spain will continue to be a perfect role model . "  He is a great champion and a great ambassador for the sport , " Horner told F1 's official website . "  He connects to his age group in a fantastic way as he has all the ` features ' of a modern-day hero . Can Senna restore the romance to Formula One ? "  He is fiercely competitive in the cockpit and very down to earth and approachable outside the car . People see his personality . "  He is a grounded superstar , if such a thing exists . That 's why his popularity has mushroomed so much over the last few years . " The Red Bull Racing name is now established as F1 's dominant force despite this year being just the Austrian-owned team 's eighth in the sport . Horner is pleased with the rapid progress the Britain-based marque has made , and challenged the team to carry their championship-winning form into 2012 . "  2011 was an incredible year for the team and it is amazing what we have achieved , " he said . "  Defending both world titles obviously raises the bar again for 2012 , and of course our goal and objective is to defend both trophies again . They look perfect on the shelf in our factory . "  Red Bull Racing has n't been in F1 long , which means that we are competing with teams with some phenomenal history and a lot of knowledge to fall back on . So we are taking nothing for granted . " Horner anticipates a full-blooded battle for the drivers ' and constructors ' titles this season , which starts with the Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne on March 18 . British team McLaren boast world champions in Lewis Hamilton  2008  and Jenson Button , who triumphed the following year with Brawn GP and was runner-up last season . Legendary Italian marque Ferrari , who have won a record 16 constructors ' titles , will be led by Spanish two-time world champion Fernando Alonso . "  We know that McLaren is always a strong team , " Horner said . "  They have two great drivers so they definitely will be pushing very hard . "  Fernando Alonso and Ferrari will also be strong opponents . So yes , they will be the usual suspects . "	Red Bull team principal Christian Horner calls Sebastian Vettel a "  grounded superstar " German driver is the youngest to win back-to-back world championships The 24-year-old made his return to the track on Thursday at the Jerez test event Horner is predicting a close battle for the drivers ' and constructors ' crowns in 2012
CNN Student News  -- July 1 , 2011 Download a PDF map related to today 's show : • Atlanta , Georgia Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . Leadership Unplugged CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi ! I 'm Carl Azuz , welcoming you back to another summer edition of CNN Student News . Got something really cool for you this week . We 're talking about Leadership Unplugged . This is a program that just wrapped up . It 's a partnership between a group called 21st Century Leaders and the staff of CNN and CNN Student News ; and what it does is bring about 75 of Georgia 's brightest high school students to the Georgia Tech campus , where they spend a week learning about everything from journalism to , of course , leadership skills . PRISSY STEWART , 21ST CENTURY LEADERS ASSISTANT DIRECTOR : That 's our goal , is to help them become more comfortable as leaders . You can tell as the week progresses they have come out of their shells , they have taken some risks and learned to work with people who are very different from them . AZUZ : I had the honor and privilege of kicking things off . I talked a little bit about how I got to where I am , what we do at CNN , and some students then talked to us about their first impressions as the week started . LEJOI LANE , SENIOR : I think that what stood out most to me was the fact that we got the chance to meet so many unique people and so many different genres of CNN . TYLER MEUSE , SENIOR : Being able to sit down and talk to professionals one-on-one and ask them the most important questions . BROOKE VAUGHAN , SENIOR : What stood out to me the most was Carl Azuz . His speech was great . I love how he asked questions and actually got the audience involved in us as students . He actually cared about our answers and cared to have a conversation with normal high school students . AZUZ : As things got rolling , students learned about many different facets of media . We talked to them about some of the new technologies available to us . We talked about how social networking gets used in newscasts . These were their impressions of that . EMILY CHO , SENIOR : I learned a lot about how you have to balance between the social media and what actual news is . It 's a big question as to which one comes first : determining what your audience wants to hear and what they need to hear . GRACE LITTLE , SENIOR : This panel showed me just how much social media influences the way news gets around the world , especially in areas that do n't allow CNN to have cameras on the ground . It 's truly essential in making accurate news reporting . PHILIP MUSEY , SENIOR : I learned that CNN uses Twitter a lot . You hear a lot about younger generations using Facebook , but Twitter is pretty well known and well used at CNN . AZUZ : A big highlight of this conference happened right here at the CNN Center in Atlanta , Georgia . Students got to listen to a dinner panel of CNN talent and executives , and they heard a few things about work and life . OLA RICHARDSON , JUNIOR : Something I really learned is that the friends you get here are the friends that you will need in life . VICTORIA PARKS , JUNIOR : Definitely that just be yourself and you can be whoever you want to be , and you can do whatever you want to do . Just follow your dreams and pursue yourself . RED DENTY , JUNIOR : Keep working at it . If you want to work in video broadcasting , you have to start low and work your way up . CHANDLER BARRE , JUNIOR : You have to have your hook and the one thing that sets yourself apart from everybody else , and make yourself the one that is remembered . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! Who is credited with saying , "  Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other " ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Mahatma Gandhi , B  John F. Kennedy , C  Martin Luther King Jr. or D  Abraham Lincoln ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! That quote about leadership comes from former U.S. President John F. Kennedy . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Leadership Unplugged AZUZ : Of course , the name of the program : Leadership Unplugged . A big focus is learning what it takes to be a leader . Here 's what students said about that in their own words . GABRIELLE PUYAT , GRADUATED AS A JUNIOR : You have to be able to connect with all different kinds of people . And not everyone 's going to like you ; you 're not going to like everyone . But if you have the ability to communicate and cooperate , then you can lead . FIRST BORN , JUNIOR : I think leadership is the ability to stand out above other people and give them a sense of belonging . As a leader , I do n't think that you 're able to have everyone like you . MACHMUD MAKHMUDOV , JUNIOR : If you want to be exceptional and create something and be really successful , you really need to persevere as a leader . And know that even though you might be going through tough times , in the end , true leaders do what it takes to be successful . AZUZ : This was the 6th year for Leadership Unplugged , but this was the first year that some of the students actually got to go on the air live on a CNN network . A few of the students were interviewed by Carlos Montero , an anchor with CNN en Espanol . CAMILA DONOSO , SENIOR : He just asked us about how we liked it and everyone was a little nervous . He said it was good . The captions were really funny because it said , you know , "  young leaders changing the world . " And we 're like , "  Oh my God ! " But if you think about it , we are , because we 're making a difference . Winners AZUZ : These 75 students were divided into groups and they were given a project to work on throughout the week . That project was to pitch a story to a panel of CNN executives , so a little bit intimidating there . But they were scored on their pitch , and they were scored on things like the presentation itself , how creative the story was , how balanced the story was . And the winning pitch was a story about illegal immigration in the United States . Some members of that winning group talked to us about what it was like to win . JUSTIN WHITE , JUNIOR : I was actually afraid that we had n't won , but when they called our name , I just knew we had it . ADEOLA ADENIRAN , SENIOR : Yeah , I was really excited . But I knew that , like , deep down , that we might have a chance because of our title . Our title was really powerful : "  Undocumented and Unafraid . " It gave me a little hope there . Goodbye AZUZ : So , that was how the week wrapped up , and that is how we wrap up this special summer edition of CNN Student News . We hope to lead you back to CNNStudentNews.com , and that you 'll plug in for more stories right here throughout the summer . Hope to see you soon . For CNN Student News , I 'm Carl Azuz .	CNN Student News is producing special , web-only shows all summer long This week , we explore a week-long conference called Leadership Unplugged The program introduces high school students to the world of journalism
CNN  -- The Coast Guard said Tuesday that its crews and other agencies have suspended the search for three children a woman claims she threw off a bridge into the Delaware River overnight . Delaware River Port Authority officials said there was "  no evidence " to support the woman 's claim , the Cherry Hill New Jersey Courier-Post reported . "  We have no evidence of any activity of that type on our bridge during the hours in question , " the Courier-Journal quoted authority spokesman Ed Kasuba as saying . Kasuba added that the bridge is under constant surveillance . Authorities called off the search at 12:25 p.m. after searching 10 square miles for more than eight hours , the Coast Guard said . Crews from Coast Guard Station Philadelphia ; Coast Guard Air Station Atlantic City , New Jersey ; Camden Police and Fire Departments ; Delaware River Port Authority ; New Jersey State Police ; Philadelphia Fire and Rescue ; and Philadelphia Marine Police aided in the search , a Coast Guard statement said . They focused on an area of the Delaware River near the Benjamin Franklin Bridge , the Coast Guard said , which connects Camden , New Jersey , and Philadelphia . A nurse at St. Joseph 's Hospital in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , called the Coast Guard just before 4 a.m. to say a woman told her she had given birth about 3:35 a.m. and threw her baby into the river , a Coast Guard statement said . The woman told another nurse that she threw her 2-year-old and 4-year-old children from a bridge into the water , the statement said . Kasuba told the Courier-Post the bridge 's walkways are closed overnight . If the woman had driven a car and stopped on the bridge , Kasuba said , she would have had to cross over the PATCO High Speed Line rail on the bridge to get to the walkway . "  Somebody would have seen it , " Kasuba was quoted as saying . The whereabouts of the woman , whom the Coast Guard identified as Michelle "  Shelly " Perez , are unknown .	Agencies have suspended a search for children reported in Delaware River A woman told a nurse she threw her newborn off a bridge into the river She told another nurse she threw two other children from the bridge The search went on for more than eight hours
An Indian court sentenced four men to death Friday for the rape and murder of a 23-year-old woman in New Delhi , an attack that appalled the South Asian nation . Announcing the sentence , Judge Yogesh Khanna said the crime "  shocked the collective conscience " of India and fell into the "  rarest of rare category " that deserves capital punishment . "  In these times when crimes against women are on the rise , the court can not turn a blind eye to this gruesome act , " he said . One of the convicted men , Vinay Sharma , broke down in tears and cried loudly as the judge spoke . Prosecutors had asked for the death penalty for the men , citing the "  extreme brutality " of the attack , which took place on a moving bus in December . They had also argued the court needed to send a message to Indian society with its judgment . Opinion : Where have India 's females gone ? Anger about the deadly assault has had a widespread impact in India . It set off demonstrations , started a debate about women 's treatment in Indian society and prompted the introduction of tougher punishments for sexual abuse . "  We are very happy . Justice has been delivered , " said the father of the victim , whose name was withheld under Indian law . Calls for the men to be executed had come from the victim 's family members , high-profile politicians and many other Indians . The announcement of the sentence was met with cheering from hundreds of protesters outside the court . Posters and banners held by those in the crowd read "  hang the rapists " and "  a woman 's life is the foundation , do not defile it . " Indian Home Minister Sushilkumar Shinde said his initial reaction was that "  justice was given to that girl and family . " Defense attorneys had urged the judge to show leniency and sentence the men to life in prison , saying the death penalty should be the exception , not the rule . As the judge announced the death sentence , defense lawyer A.P. Singh shouted , "  This is not the victory of truth . But it is the defeat of justice . " A shocking attack The brutality of the New Delhi attack , as described by police and prosecutors , helped stir the strong emotions surrounding the case . On the evening of December 16 , the victim , a 23-year-old physiotherapy student , had gone to see the movie "  The Life of Pi " with a male friend at a New Delhi mall . During their journey home , they boarded a bus at a major intersection in upmarket South Delhi . The driver and at least five other men on the bus were drunk and looking for a "  joy ride , " police said . The men , from a poverty-ridden slum on the outskirts of Delhi , dragged the woman to the back of the bus and beat up her male friend . Police said the men took turns raping the woman , using an iron rod to violate her as the bus drove around the city for almost an hour . When they had finished , they dumped the two victims by the side of the road . The woman 's injuries were so severe that some internal organs had to be removed . She died two weeks later at a hospital in Singapore . Four found guilty After a trial that lasted about seven months , the Delhi court Tuesday convicted four of the men -- ages 19 to 28 -- of murder , rape and kidnapping . The victim 's parents had tears in their eyes as the judge read the verdict in which he said the men had been found guilty of "  committing the murder of a helpless victim . " Her brother wiped a tear from his cheek . The four men -- Sharma , Akshay Thakur , Pawan Gupta and Mukesh Singh -- will appeal the verdict , their attorneys said . Opinion : Victims blamed in India 's rape culture Human rights groups criticized the decision to impose capital punishment . "  The rape and murder of the young woman in Delhi last year was a horrific crime , and our deepest sympathy goes out to the victim 's family . Those responsible must be punished , but the death penalty is never the answer , " said Tara Rao , director of Amnesty International India . "  Sending these four men to the gallows will accomplish nothing except short-term revenge . " Rao said there is "  no evidence that the death penalty is a particular deterrent to crime , and its use will not eradicate violence against women in India . " Death sentences issued by Indian courts have rarely been carried out in the past decade . No state executions took place between 2004 and late 2012 , when the last surviving gunman from the 2008 terrorist attacks in Mumbai was hanged . But human rights advocates have said they fear India 's stance on executions has changed . "  In the past year , India has made a full-scale retreat from its previous principled rejection of the death penalty , " Meenakshi Ganguly , South Asia director at Human Rights Watch , said last month . Two others accused The fate of two others accused in the case had been determined before this week . One man , Ram Singh , 35 , was found dead in his jail cell in March . Authorities said he had hanged himself , but his family said he had been murdered . A juvenile court convicted a teenage boy on August 31 for his part in the gang rape , sentencing him to three years in a special juvenile correctional facility . His trial was in juvenile court because he was 17 at the time of the crime , and the sentence is the maximum allowed under the court 's rules . Many Indians , including the victim 's family , expressed dissatisfaction with the sentence . The same crowd outside the courthouse that cheered Friday 's death sentence for the four adults turned their ire on the juvenile . The crowd chanted , "  Hang the juvenile . " A lawyer for the victim 's family said they would go to India 's top court to contest the youth 's sentence . A rape every 22 minutes As in many countries , rape is a grimly frequent occurrence in India . According to Indian government statistics , a woman is raped every 22 minutes on average . But the New Delhi attack seized the country 's attention . Advocates criticized the world 's largest democracy for failing to protect half of its population . Protesters demanded better treatment of women and decried the apathy of police and the judicial system . Men respond to rape crisis The government passed tougher anti-rape laws , introducing the death penalty for repeat offenders , and imprisonment for acid attacks , human trafficking and stalking . But some Indians said that while the laws on crimes against women have changed , mindsets and enforcement have been slower to adjust . ` Take it to the source ' Government figures show the number of women reporting rapes has risen significantly since the New Delhi attack and the heavy scrutiny that followed it . Observers said it indicates women who are victims of sexual attacks feel more emboldened to come forward than they did before . Meet India 's Red Brigade : Teens fighting back against rape Prosecution of such crimes has improved , said Kiran Bedi , a human rights activist and former Indian police officer . But it will take a heavy emphasis on the family and school environments to resolve the problem in the long run , Bedi said . "  You ca n't just begin and end with the police and the prosecution and the courts , " she said . "  You have to go backward and take it to the source . " India grapples with rape and sexual violence	"  Justice has been delivered , " the victim 's father says People outside the court cheer and clap after the sentencing The judge says the attack "  shocked the collective conscience " of India A court found the men guilty of gang raping a woman on a bus ; she later died
CNN  -- In the history of organized athletics , there has never been a person who needs to come back again less than Michael Phelps . Yes , you have read that correctly . I am urging the greatest swimmer in all of sports to keep his word , forget about Rio in 2016 and retire . To go away . To vanish . To ignore his mother and his sisters and Matt Lauer and Mark Spitz and Rowdy Gaines and to once and for all hang up his goggles and Speedos . Go . Scram . Buzz off . Because athletics enthusiasts are a peculiar people  aka : crazy  , we always beg our heroes to stick around longer than they should . It 's the reason a portly , 40-year-old Ken Griffey Jr. hit .184 in Seattle in 2010 and the reason Bjorn Borg stepped back onto the tennis court in 1991  wood racket in hand  -- only to win nary a single match . It 's the reason our final snapshot of Sugar Ray Leonard is an embarrassing stoppage against Hector Camacho and the reason Jim Palmer arrived at spring training with Baltimore in 1991 throwing big , fat , Little League meatballs . Why , it 's even the reason a 41-year-old Spitz , Phelps ' predecessor as our own personal Aquaman , jumped back into the pool to qualify for the 1992 Games in Barcelona . He , of course , failed -- by a whopping two seconds . News : Olympic legend Phelps : ` I 'm done with swimming ' We convince these men and women that they can still do it , that it 's worth one more shot , that age is just a number , that legend is a gift of the gods , and to not use it is shameful .  Gaines , the former Olympic swimmer who now works as an NBC commentator , recently said he believes Phelps will likely come back because "  he 'll be able to walk through airports in a couple years and not be mobbed . He 'll miss that . " There is a word for this line of thinking : sad . Then , predictably , when they fall short , we bemoan that the effort was ever made . We offer comments such as , "  Boy , that was pathetic " and "  He should have stayed retired " -- forgetting that we were the ones pining for the return . Again , sports fan are crazy . Yet the inevitable disappointment of a then-31-year-old Phelps underperforming in Rio  and , for the record , 31 in swimming is 40 in real life  is n't the No. 1 reason he should stay away . No , Phelps needs to remain retired because , quite frankly , life in a pool sucks . OK , not for a week , while vacationing in Orlando . But imagine being Phelps . You wake up at 5 a.m. , spend four hours in a pool , go home , sleep  in your Michael Jackson-esque oxygen tank  , return to the pool for another two hours , eat  a disgustingly healthy and bland  dinner , go to bed , then repeat the following day . And the day after that . And the day after that . And the day after that . And ... For , hell , 1Â 1/2 decades , Phelps ' existence has revolved around the insidious smell of chlorine . When he talks , one can hear -- very clearly -- his weariness over the whole endeavor . "  These Olympics have been great , but . ... " But Phelps needs a life . If I 'm Debbie , Michael 's mother , I cease with all the Rio jabber  really , the woman needs to stop  and say the following : "  Son , I 'm proud of you . You 've done amazing things . But you 're 27 , and life is short . You 've made lots of money in endorsements . Use some of it . Here 's a backpack , a Fodor 's and a one-way ticket to Prague . Go see the world . Eat anything you want . Sleep in hostels , drink lots of beers , hit up Amsterdam and Barcelona and Geelong and Venice and Wolverhampton and Valletta . Tell the ladies you 're Michael Phelps if it helps , or just pull your cap down low and call yourself Biff Stevens . Just make sure and live ! " When we watch the Olympics on TV , and the uplifting music is piped in and the anthems are played and tears stream down the cheeks of winners , we are witnessing a sliver of time -- a singular moment that encompasses 1/1 ,000,000,000 th of an athlete 's existence . It is romantic and lovely ; Bev Oden the former Olympic volleyball star , calls the experience , "  the height of euphoria . " But that euphoria , like all things , passes , and at day 's end many athletes are left wondering not whether they should have stayed on longer , but whether , in missing senior proms and romantic summer nights and family vacations , they surrendered too much . After three Olympic Games and 22 medals , it is time for Phelps to stop surrendering . It is time to live . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jeff Pearlman .	Jeff Pearlman : Michael Phelps should stick to his plan , forget Rio in 2016 and retire He says sports history is lousy with icons who did n't quit when they should have and fell short He says main reason to ignore advice to keep competing is that Phelps should begin to live life Pearlman : Olympics is great moment in time , but it ca n't last
London  CNN  -- A funeral took place in London Friday for Mark Duggan , the father of four whose death after his cab was stopped by armed police led to protests that expanded into four days of rioting . A horse-drawn cortege processed through the streets from his parents ' home in the north London neighborhood of Tottenham to the church in nearby Wood Green where the ceremony was held , with many mourners on hand . Duggan , 29 , died on August 4 from a gunshot to the chest after a police unit that deals with gun crime stopped the cab that was carrying him . The Independent Police Complaints Commission  IPCC  is still investigating the circumstances around his death and said Thursday that it "  is far from reaching any conclusions . " A peaceful protest in Tottenham two days after his death turned violent and rioting spread to other parts of London and other English cities over the following days . Michael Jarrett , 47 , from Tottenham was among hundreds who turned out to pay their respects to Duggan and his family . In 1985 , Jarrett 's mother , Cynthia , died after four police officers searched her home in Tottenham 's Broadwater Farm housing project . Anger over her death sparked the Broadwater Farm riots , in which a policeman died . The area 's reputation was tainted for years . Speaking outside the church where Duggan 's funeral was held , Jarrett told CNN little had changed in the decades since then . "  The ethnic minorities are still being mistreated , " he said . "  I do n't think a lot changed , the mood in the area is one of regret and sorrow . But there is still a lot of mistrust where the police are concerned . " He said politicians who blamed people who "  just want to loot , steal and riot " for the unrest that broke out last month need to look at the underlying problems behind such behavior . "  I actually condemn the looting and the burning of buildings , " he said , "  but I understand the situation behind and the frustration and anger behind it . That I do understand . Fully . " Yvonne Collail , 47 , from Tottenham told CNN she was concerned that the recent trouble in Tottenham had made everyone less safe and meant the police would have to carry guns , which is unusual in Britain . London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement beforehand that a senior officer had "  met with the parents and family of Mark Duggan and discussed the policing arrangements " for the funeral . "  In line with the family 's wishes , the policing will reflect the family 's desire for a local , peaceful and dignified funeral , " the statement said . Questions remain unanswered about the circumstances of Duggan 's death . Prime Minister David Cameron said last month that Duggan had been shot by police but the IPCC has yet to reach a formal conclusion . In a letter to the Times of London published Thursday , the IPCC said the newspaper 's headline indicating that an officer had been cleared of shooting Duggan was incorrect and "  irresponsible . " The IPCC said it is continuing to follow numerous leads as it investigates Duggan 's death , including examining security camera footage , conducting forensic tests and talking to witnesses . The commission acknowledged that "  people want answers , " but urged them "  not to rush to judgment until they see and hear the evidence for themselves . " A Metropolitan Police statement Thursday said : "  The firearms officer involved in the shooting of Mark Duggan is not about to return to operational firearms duties . " Initial reports that Duggan shot at police were ruled out by ballistic tests , which found that a bullet that lodged in one officer 's radio was of a type issued to police . The IPCC also said there had been no exchange of fire . A handgun that was not police issue was found at the scene , the IPCC said , but there was no evidence it had been fired during the incident . CNN 's France Costrel and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Hundreds of mourners attend the funeral in north London NEW : The son of a woman whose death sparked a 1985 riot says people mistrust the police Duggan died after an incident involving armed police in north London A peaceful protest over his death two days later turned violent , sparking riots
Madrid  CNN  -- Pilots for the Spanish airline Iberia resumed their strikes on Monday , forcing the cancellation of 124 flights , in a grievance over the company 's new low-cost carrier , Iberia Express . The pilots see a threat to their jobs or working conditions from the budget airline , which started flying on March 25 despite 12 one-day pilots ' strikes earlier this year . The earlier strikes cost the company 36 million euros  $ 47 million  . Now the pilots have planned 30 more one-day strikes , every Monday and Friday , through July 20 . On Monday , the 124 canceled flights were 38 % of Iberia 's 330 scheduled flights , a percentage of cancellations similar to the earlier strikes . Iberia , which had advance notice of Monday 's strike , tried to place passengers , many returning from Easter vacations , on alternative flights . Iberia lost 98 million euros  $ 129 million  last year , especially on short and medium-range flights in Spain and nearby in Europe . It launched Iberia Express aiming to cut the costs of operating those routes , an Iberia spokeswoman said . But a spokeswoman for the pilots union said the new budget airline violates key points of a previous agreement between pilots and Iberia . The union has offered for pilots to take deep salary cuts if flying for Iberia Express , but negotiations broke off last month . Iberia has filed a court complaint , seeking to stop the strikes and demanding compensation . A ruling could still be weeks away . Iberia employs about 1,400 pilots . The airline has made deals with most other employees regarding the budget carrier . Iberia Express currently serves just four routes , all in Spain : Madrid to Palma de Mallorca , Malaga , Seville and Alicante . But by the end of this year , it expects to carry 2.5 million passengers to 20 destinations , including Dublin , Ireland ; Amsterdam , Netherlands ; and Naples , Italy . The company would have 14 planes and 500 employees .	Iberia pilots plan a one-day strike every Monday and Friday until July They see a threat to their jobs or working conditions from budget airline Iberia Express Monday 's strike led to 124 canceled flights , 38 % of Iberia 's scheduled flights Iberia has filed a court complaint against the pilots ; a ruling could still be weeks away
Dear Chicago , You sure are n't perfect . Numerous city aldermen and officials have been brought down by corruption charges . Your schools are failing . You have a high rate of gun violence , which has cast shadows upon your reputation . Despite the long list of wrongs , there are a lot of things you do right . Lifelong Chicagoans and loving visitors are consistently complimentary of you . We say this without shame : Chicago , we love you , imperfections and all . You are 77 official neighborhoods , according to the mayor 's office . But more than 200 "  pocket " neighborhoods make up your anatomy . WBEZ : Who creates Chicago 's neighborhoods ? Your people ride through your bloodstream on the L , where we can see your distinct personalities in each lively neighborhood . Concert venues and Al Capone 's favorite hangout , the Green Mill , beam as we zoom through Uptown . The Garfield Park Conservatory emanates natural beauty on the West Side . And lessons from the past fill our minds as we near the DuSable Museum of African American History in Washington Park . "  Chicago is the world in one place . It 's being able to get tacos in Little Village one day for lunch and tzatziki in Greek Town the next , " says 21-year-old student Reynaldo Leal . Persian , Polish or Puerto Rican , you 've got the world covered . Your citizens make you who you are , with people from across the globe calling you home . Some stay put in their ethnic enclaves , speaking their native tongues , while others are curious neighborhood hoppers who seek authentic food and culture . Chicago . Just saying your name is enough to conjure fond memories for Amanda Fallico . She can imagine riding down Lake Shore Drive on a warm summer evening . Summer is when our love for you crescendos . You are at your peak of liveliness . Tight-knit families watching movies in the park , children playing games at North Avenue Beach and couples strolling along the magnificent lakefront are some of the things that bring you to life come summer . "  Chicago 's parks are the settings for  a  world-class collection of sculptures , and the people of Chicago are lucky enough to have them in their backyard , " says Matt Kochar . But even in the winter , for any of us who brave the never-ending snowfall and brutal , subzero wind chills , you are truly a beauty . When the tourists are too scared to come outside , it 's us locals who get the rare treat of staring into Cloud Gate  affectionately known as "  the Bean "  all alone . Zahava Hanuka witnessed your quiet side during a moment just like this . While the Bean , Chicago Picasso and Alexander Calder 's Flamingo are all figures of beauty , your buildings and stunning skyscrapers are architectural marvels in themselves . Whether we 're lost in the past of the historic Rookery building or meandering through the urban canyons beneath the futuresque Trump Tower , your architecture tells us the story of your life . Sometimes , you talk to us through your buildings . When the Blackhawks made the playoffs last year , skyscrapers lit up with words of encouragement . The same treatment goes for the Bears , Bulls , Sox and well , someday the Cubs .  Here 's to hoping someone breaks the Curse of the Billy Goat soon ! Share your Wrigley Field photos Your cheering buildings prove you 're a big city that does n't take yourself too seriously . As Swathi Sridhara puts it , "  Chicagoans have a unique blend of small-town Midwest charm and a gritty city work ethic . " And if your gleaming towers and your potholed streets are your skeleton , then your heart lies in your people . Farhaj Hassan , who moved away as a child , said it well : "  Chicago does n't just reside in our heart -- it is our heart . Chicago is us , we of Chicago are Chicago . " Chicago , no matter what anyone says , we will always be proud to call you home . Love , Chicagoans everywhere	CNN asks readers to share what they love about Chicago "  Chicago is the world in one place , " says Reynaldo Leal . "  Chicago does n't just reside in our heart -- it is our heart , " says Farhaj Hassan "  Chicagoland " airs Thursday nights at 10 p.m. ET on CNN
CNN  -- Traffic was halted briefly Friday afternoon on the Bay Bridge -- between San Francisco and Oakland -- due to what the California Highway Patrol described as "  police activity . " Aerial video of the span at about 3 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  showed no vehicles moving and police cars blocking entrance ramps . "  As SFPD work with CHP , please be patient , " the California Highway Patrol , or CHP , tweeted , with SFPD referring to the San Francisco Police Department . "  Traffic has been halted . " About 15 minutes later , police officers led a wave of vehicles over the bridge -- suggesting that any concerns had been adequately addressed . California Highway Patrol acknowledged as much online , thanking travelers for their patience . Officer Michael Ferguson , from the patrol 's Golden Gate division , explained later that a passerby had called in to report what looked like a suspicious item on the eastbound I-80 off-ramp toward Treasure Island . The gray cylinder was small , but clearly visible . "  We get calls like this all the time , where an item or box is called in as suspicious , " Ferguson said . "  Usually , our officers pull up and are able to rule it out quickly . But in this case , it was suspicious . " Authorities were able to collect and take the item , so that there was no chance it could pose a threat , the officer said .	NEW : A small item visible from the roadway looked "  suspicious , " officer says NEW : It was located on an I-80 off-ramp to Treasure Island Movement on the bridge was temporarily halted Aerial video showed no traffic and police cars blocking entrance ramps
CNN  -- The U.S. military and its allies hit ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq this weekend . While the scope of the airstrikes was not yet clear , several targets were hit , and the strikes appear to have succeeded . Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates assisted with attacks in Syria on Saturday and Sunday , including two near Dayr ar Zawr that destroyed an ISIS tank , one in northeast Syria that destroyed three armed vehicles and a Humvee and strikes on "  four  ISIS  - held modular refineries and an  ISIS  command and control node north of " Raqqa , a U.S. Central Command news release said . "  Although we continue to assess the outcome of these attacks , initial indications are that they were successful , " the statement said . In Iraq , fighter jets and drones conducted four airstrikes : one near Baghdad that destroyed an ISIS safehouse and damaged a checkpoint and three near Falluja that destroyed two ISIS checkpoints and a transport vehicle , U.S. Central Command said . U.S. splits emerge as Obama admits ISIS threat was misjudged The fight for border city But on the ground around the city of Kobani fierce battles raged between Kurdish forces and ISIS militants and were visible just across the border in Turkey on Saturday and Sunday . ISIS forces appeared to slowly gain territory in their offensive to take over the Kurdish city and solidify ISIS control over the Syrian border with Turkey . There have been several air strikes in the area , but eyewitnesses say the air strikes are too few and too far back from the front lines to slow the ISIS momentum . "  We need help . We need weapons . We need more effective airstrikes , " Kobani official Idriss Nassan said . "  If the situation stays like this , we will see a massacre . I ca n't imagine what will happen if ISIS gets inside Kobani . " There was no word on casualties , but activists said the situation is growing more troubling , as power and water remain cut , food and basic supplies are running low and there is no humanitarian aid . Many residents had already left the city and have sought refuge in Turkey , officials aid . A CNN team on the Turkey-Syria border that witnessed some of the fighting said ISIS appeared to be pushing back toward Kobani 's eastern front . Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Istanbul Sunday , Turkey 's President Tayyip Erdogan said that airstrikes alone will not be enough to halt terrorist organizations . He said Turkey can not remain outside the operation , signaling a change in his position towards cooperation . Turkey had been reluctant so far to support the coalition against ISIS . New al Qaeda message The leader of Al Qaeda 's franchise in Syria made his first public statement in eight months Sunday , vowing to fight the United States and it 's allies . In a 25-minute audio recording Abu Mohammed al-Jolani , head of the al-Nusra militants , also warned his rebels not to accept intervention from the West in their own fight against ISIS . The two groups have been fighting since ISIS was disowned by al Qaeda 's central command earlier this year . Al Qaeda offshoot leader killed ? Also Sunday , the United States was working to confirm whether a leader of the Khorasan group was killed last week during an airstrike in Syria . The Khorasan group is an al Qaeda offshoot in Syria composed of what the U.S. says are "  seasoned " terror operatives whose mission involves finding new ways to attack the United States and Europe . Though there were numerous reports that jihadists were offering condolences following the senior al Qaeda operative 's death , White House Deputy National Security Adviser Tony Blinken told CNN on Sunday morning he ca n't confirm the reports . Blinken 's remarks came as President Barack Obama , in an interview with "  60 Minutes " set to air Sunday night , said Syria had become "  ground zero for jihadists around the world . " U.S. forces and Sunni tribes were able to weaken al Qaeda in Iraq , but rather than defeat AQI , they pushed the group underground , he said . "  Over the past couple of years , during the chaos of the Syrian civil war , where essentially you have huge swaths of the country that are completely ungoverned , they were able to reconstitute themselves and take advantage of that chaos -- and attract foreign fighters , who believed in their jihadist nonsense and traveled everywhere from Europe to the United States to Australia to other parts of the Muslim world , converging on Syria , " Obama said . The President also said the United States had underestimated ISIS ' capabilities while overestimating the Iraqi military 's will to fight . CNN 's Talia Kayali , Gul Tuysuz , Antonia Mortenson , Ingrid Formanek , Salma Abdelaziz and Arwa Damon contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkey 's President said his country can not remain on the outside of ISIS fight Success of weekend strikes in Iraq , Syria being assessed but appear successful , U.S. says Tank , safehouse , refineries and "  command-and-control node " among targets hit , U.S. says Heavy fighting between ISIS and Kurdish troops In Kobani , Syria , food and supplies remain low , activist says
CNN  -- The South Carolina Republican presidential primary is often a free-for-all , but this year 's contest probably sets a new standard for volatility . Not surprisingly , Palmetto State GOP insiders see a close finish in the primary Saturday between former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich , according to a CNN survey . Less than 48 hours before voters would go to the polls , they were buffeted by a sudden announcement from Texas Gov. Rick Perry that he was withdrawing from the Republican presidential race and endorsing rival Gingrich . And as Perry was dropping out , the political world was buzzing with reports that Gingrich 's second wife , Marianne , said that her then-husband proposed an "  open marriage " before they divorced . Then , a fiery Gingrich struck back at the opening of the CNN debate in Charleston , attacking the "  liberal media " for bringing up the story in the first place . "  It 's like a darned soap opera , " said one South Carolina GOP insider . "  Never seen things this fluid , " echoed another . A CNN survey of 42 South Carolina GOP insidersâ $ " including Republican state legislators , state and local party officials , business and conservative interest group leaders , veterans of previous presidential primary campaigns , Palmetto State GOP political consultants , and other party activistsâ $ " found a close race between the top two contenders . Three South Carolina GOP insiders thought the race would end in a dead heat between the two Republican contenders . The insiders were asked : Who do you think will win the South Carolina primary ? Mitt Romney -- 33 % Newt Gingrich -- 31 % Rick Santorum -- 19 % Ron Paul -- 15 % Rick Perry -- N/A Other -- 2 % Compared to a similar sounding of GOP insiders earlier in the week before Perry withdrew , it appeared that Gingrich had gained the most momentum in the closing days of the race . Before Perry dropped out : Mitt Romney -- 32 % Newt Gingrich -- 25 % Rick Santorum -- 18 % Ron Paul -- 15 % Rick Perry -- 8 % Other -- 2 % While Romney still edged Gingrich slightly in the minds of these insiders , the narrow margin and the ever-changing story lines mean Gingrich could still pull an upset Saturday . "  Romney 's supporters seem to be firmly behind him at this point , while Gingrich could still gain or lose support depending on how things shake out over the  final  days , " said one GOP insider . "  For this reason , I 'm still giving Romney the nod at this point . " One major uncertainty hanging over the race is the impact of the controversial television interview that Gingrich 's second wife , Marianne , gave to ABC 's Nightline in which she said Gingrich had asked her to consider an arrangement that she described as an "  open marriage . " In the CNN South Carolina debate on Thursday night , Gingrich denounced the media 's handling of the story and called the accusation "  false . " "  Right now , I speculate that people voting for Newt may have accounted for his personal baggage in their decision making , without knowing the full extent of it , " said one South Carolina GOP insider . "  However , requests for open marriage do n't play well with value-voters upstate , which seems to be the current heart of the Gingrich surge . I think this interview could diminish , or at least cap , his support with those voters . " The CNN South Carolina GOP insiders were surveyed from the evening of Jan. 16 thru the morning of January 18 , and again between January 19 and the morning of January 20 . The survey was conducted over the internet ; some interviews were conducted by phone . The South Carolina insiders were given anonymity for their individual answers in order to encourage candid responses . And while some insiders were aligned with one or another of the presidential campaigns , two-thirds said they had neither endorsed nor were they working for any candidate in the race . Here are the names of the participants in the survey : Eric Bedingfield , Peter Brown , Kevin Bryant , Luke Byars , Drea Byars , Chris Carino , Phillip Cease , Alan Clemmons , Chad Connelley , Wesley Donehue , Shannon Erickson , Justin Evans , Scott Farmer , Chip Felkel , Becky Fleming , Douglas Ford , Greg Foster , Mark Harmon , Wes Hayes , Allen Klump , Scott Malyerck , Janice McCord , Joe McKeown , Drew McKissick , Ed McMullen , Matt Moore , Matthew Nichols , Mark Nix , Ralph Norman , Randy Page , Sunny Philips , Mike Pitts , Tommy Pope , Richard Quinn , Jay W. Ragley , George Ramsey , Scott Richardson , Oran P. Smith , Bob Taylor , Adam Temple , Taylor Tompkins , Trey Walker , Chad Walldorf , Ellen Weaver , Joe Wilson , Barry Wynn , Robert Yerger .	CNN asked 42 South Carolina GOP insiders about Saturday 's primary Surveys taken both before and after Rick Perry 's withdrawal from race Romney and Gingrich are in a close race , the group says , closer since Perry left
PHOENIX , Arizona  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain conceded the presidential race before a crowd of supporters in Phoenix on Tuesday . He also congratulated Sen. Barack Obama . Here is a transcript : Sen. John McCain concedes defeat in the presidential election to Barack Obama . McCain : Thank you . Thank you , my friends . Thank you for coming here on this beautiful Arizona evening . My friends , we have -- we have come to the end of a long journey . The American people have spoken , and they have spoken clearly . A little while ago , I had the honor of calling Sen. Barack Obama to congratulate him . Watch McCain 's speech " To congratulate him on being elected the next president of the country that we both love . In a contest as long and difficult as this campaign has been , his success alone commands my respect for his ability and perseverance . But that he managed to do so by inspiring the hopes of so many millions of Americans who had once wrongly believed that they had little at stake or little influence in the election of an American president is something I deeply admire and commend him for achieving . This is an historic election , and I recognize the special significance it has for African-Americans and for the special pride that must be theirs tonight . I 've always believed that America offers opportunities to all who have the industry and will to seize it . Sen. Obama believes that , too . But we both recognize that , though we have come a long way from the old injustices that once stained our nation 's reputation and denied some Americans the full blessings of American citizenship , the memory of them still had the power to wound . A century ago , President Theodore Roosevelt 's invitation of Booker T. Washington to dine at the White House was taken as an outrage in many quarters . America today is a world away from the cruel and frightful bigotry of that time . There is no better evidence of this than the election of an African-American to the presidency of the United States . Let there be no reason now for any American to fail to cherish their citizenship in this , the greatest nation on Earth . Sen. Obama has achieved a great thing for himself and for his country . I applaud him for it , and offer him my sincere sympathy that his beloved grandmother did not live to see this day . Though our faith assures us she is at rest in the presence of her creator and so very proud of the good man she helped raise . Sen. Obama and I have had and argued our differences , and he has prevailed . No doubt many of those differences remain . These are difficult times for our country . And I pledge to him tonight to do all in my power to help him lead us through the many challenges we face . I urge all Americans who supported me to join me in not just congratulating him , but offering our next president our good will and earnest effort to find ways to come together to find the necessary compromises to bridge our differences and help restore our prosperity , defend our security in a dangerous world , and leave our children and grandchildren a stronger , better country than we inherited . Whatever our differences , we are fellow Americans . And please believe me when I say no association has ever meant more to me than that . It is natural . It 's natural , tonight , to feel some disappointment . But tomorrow , we must move beyond it and work together to get our country moving again . We fought -- we fought as hard as we could . And though we fell short , the failure is mine , not yours . I am so deeply grateful to all of you for the great honor of your support and for all you have done for me . I wish the outcome had been different , my friends . The road was a difficult one from the outset , but your support and friendship never wavered . I can not adequately express how deeply indebted I am to you . I 'm especially grateful to my wife , Cindy , my children , my dear mother and all my family , and to the many old and dear friends who have stood by my side through the many ups and downs of this long campaign . I have always been a fortunate man , and never more so for the love and encouragement you have given me . You know , campaigns are often harder on a candidate 's family than on the candidate , and that 's been true in this campaign . All I can offer in compensation is my love and gratitude and the promise of more peaceful years ahead . I am also -- I am also , of course , very thankful to Gov. Sarah Palin , one of the best campaigners I 've ever seen , and an impressive new voice in our party for reform and the principles that have always been our greatest strength , her husband Todd and their five beautiful children for their tireless dedication to our cause , and the courage and grace they showed in the rough and tumble of a presidential campaign . We can all look forward with great interest to her future service to Alaska , the Republican Party and our country . To all my campaign comrades , from Rick Davis and Steve Schmidt and Mark Salter , to every last volunteer who fought so hard and valiantly , month after month , in what at times seemed to be the most challenged campaign in modern times , thank you so much . A lost election will never mean more to me than the privilege of your faith and friendship . I do n't know -- I do n't know what more we could have done to try to win this election . I 'll leave that to others to determine . Every candidate makes mistakes , and I 'm sure I made my share of them . But I wo n't spend a moment of the future regretting what might have been . This campaign was and will remain the great honor of my life , and my heart is filled with nothing but gratitude for the experience and to the American people for giving me a fair hearing before deciding that Sen. Obama and my old friend Sen. Joe Biden should have the honor of leading us for the next four years . I would not -- I would not be an American worthy of the name should I regret a fate that has allowed me the extraordinary privilege of serving this country for a half a century . Today , I was a candidate for the highest office in the country I love so much . And tonight , I remain her servant . That is blessing enough for anyone , and I thank the people of Arizona for it . Tonight -- tonight , more than any night , I hold in my heart nothing but love for this country and for all its citizens , whether they supported me or Sen. Obama -- whether they supported me or Sen. Obama . I wish Godspeed to the man who was my former opponent and will be my president . And I call on all Americans , as I have often in this campaign , to not despair of our present difficulties , but to believe , always , in the promise and greatness of America , because nothing is inevitable here . Americans never quit . We never surrender . We never hide from history . We make history . Thank you , and God bless you , and God bless America . Thank you all very much .	McCain : Sen. Obama has achieved a great thing McCain : I urge all Americans who supported me ... to bridge our differences McCain : We must work together to get our country moving again
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The number of people killed in a car bombing in Afghanistan 's capital rose to 26 , including six Italian soldiers , Afghan authorities said Saturday . The coffins of six Italian soldiers killed in a suicide attack in Kabul return to Rome . Sixteen people died in the blast Thursday , and at least 55 Afghan civilians were wounded . Ten have died from their injuries since the bombing . The explosion Thursday targeted a mostly residential area near the Supreme Court in Kabul , a witness said . The bodies of the Italian soldiers killed in the blast returned to Italy Sunday , their coffins draped in the red , green and white Italian flag . Dignitaries , relatives and row upon row of uniformed troops stood on the airport tarmac as the coffins were carried off the plane , television pictures from the scene showed . Watch more about Italy in mourning " Italy 's President Giorgio Napolitano gently touched the caskets perched on the shoulders of grim-faced soldiers at Rome 's Ciampino military airport . Nearby , a woman shook uncontrollably as a baby sported a maroon beret -- the kind worn by the paratroopers killed in the Kabul attack . The six deaths marked largest number of Italians killed in a single day in Afghanistan . Watch more about Italy 's Afghan mission " Before the remains left for Rome , the Italian military , international troops and dignitaries held a service in the Afghan capital . "  It 's a tragedy for us , " Lt. Col. Renato Vaira of the Italian military said at the Kabul service . "  But this is a point to continue our mission . " "  We 'll miss them . They 're not the first . I hope it will be the last , " said Maj. Gen. Tommaso Ferro of the Italian military . The arrival of the soldiers ' remains was televised nationally in Italy . The bodies were taken for an autopsy . A day of mourning is scheduled in Italy on Monday , the same day as the burial service . After the attack , Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi said it would be "  best " for the country 's troops to leave Afghanistan as soon as possible . Berlusconi gave no timeline for a withdrawal , but said any pullout would have to be coordinated with allies . The 500 troops Italy sent to Afghanistan this summer will be home by Christmas , Ignazio La Russa , Italy 's defense minister said . The troops were sent ahead of the Afghan presidential election August 20 . The rest of Italy 's 2,800 troops in Afghanistan will withdraw only when NATO calls for it , La Russa said .	Explosion targeted a mostly residential area near the Supreme Court in Kabul Bodies of six Italian soldiers who died returned to Italy Sunday Italian Prime Minister says it would be "  best " for country 's troops to leave Afghanistan Deaths were the highest single-day death toll for Italy in the Afghan mission
Washington  CNN  -- Family members of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. were involved in a bus accident Wednesday after the high-profile ceremony marking the 50th anniversary of King 's "  I Have a Dream " speech , police said . The bus and a car collided near Washington 's Tidal Basin just off the National Mall where the ceremony was held , according to Park Police , who have jurisdiction over the Mall . They said a person in the car was injured and taken to a hospital but did not provide information on injuries to bus passengers . Several members of the King family were aboard the bus and had laid a wreath at the memorial to the civil rights leader , according to Omarosa Manigault , a reality television star who was aboard the bus . "  We were very afraid , " she told CNN . "  There were children on the bus , seniors and everything . Everybody was thrown out of their seats . " She said she hit her head in the accident . Obama : Because they marched , America changed 9 things about MLK 's speech and the March on Washington	A bus was carrying members of King family after ` Dream ' speech ceremony The bus and a car collided near Washington 's Tidal Basin just off the National Mall Reality star Omarosa Manigault said she was on the bus : ` We were very afraid ' Mall Police say a person in the car taken to hospital ; no report yet on bus passengers
CNN  -- On the basis of the evidence currently in the public record , one likely outcome of the case against George Zimmerman is a mixed one : There may be sufficient evidence for a reasonable prosecutor to indict him for manslaughter , but there may also be doubt sufficient for a reasonable jury to acquit him . Any such predictions should be accepted with an abundance of caution , however , because the evidence known to the special prosecutor , but not to the public , may paint a different picture . It may be stronger or weaker . Media reports suggest that police found Zimmerman with grass stains on the back of his shirt , bloody bruises on the back of his head and other indicia that may support his contention that Trayvon Martin was banging his head against the ground when Zimmerman shot him . We do n't know what Martin 's body or clothing show , other than the fatal bullet wound . If there are no comparable bruises or grass stains and if the bullet wound and powder residue establish that the gun was fired at very close range , this too might support a claim of self-defense . Then there is a recorded cry for help , which , if it turns out to be the voice of Martin , would undercut the defense -- if the voice analysis passes scientific muster and is deemed admissible into evidence . There may be additional forensic evidence -- or witnesses -- of which we are now unaware , though it is unlikely there is a "  smoking gun . " Finally , there is the overarching and historically painful reality that an unarmed black teenager lies dead at the hand of an armed Hispanic man who ignored a dispatcher 's advice not to follow and engage the "  suspect , " and who may have -- and this too is forensically unclear -- uttered a racial epithet while chasing him . These "  facts " give rise to several possible scenarios of what may actually have occurred on that dark rainy night . Under the Florida self-defense statute , it matters greatly what happened , most especially who "  initially provoke -LSB- d -RSB- the use of force , " and who started the physical encounter . If Zimmerman initially provoked the deadly encounter , then he can not invoke any "  stand your ground " defense . He would then be under a legal obligation to "  exhaust ... every reasonable means to escape . " Though this statute is anything but a model of clarity , it does suggest that whoever "  provokes " a deadly encounter has a heavy burden of justification in claiming self-defense . But the statute does n't define "  provokes , " and that ambiguous word may hold the key to the outcome of this tragic case . If provocation is limited to a physical assault , and if Zimmerman 's account that Martin blindsided him with a punch is believed , then Zimmerman did not provoke the encounter . But if provocation includes following the victim and harassing him , then Zimmerman may well qualify as a provocateur . Moreover , a jury may believe that Zimmerman started the physical confrontation by grabbing Martin . This would almost certainly constitute provocation . But to complicate matters further , even a provocateur has the legal right to defend himself under Florida law if he ca n't escape and if he is in imminent danger of death or great bodily harm , as Zimmerman claims he was . All this goes to show how factually driven this case is under Florida law . And we do n't yet know all the facts . The special prosecutor , who has said she will not use a grand jury to decide whether to indict Zimmerman , has an obligation to consider all the evidence and to apply the law to the facts . All she needs in order to indict is probable cause that a crime has been committed . A jury that ultimately decides whether the defendant is guilty needs much more : proof beyond a reasonable doubt . But what if a prosecutor concludes that there is both probable cause and a reasonable doubt ? That is the nightmare scenario that this prosecutor may well face . In ordinary circumstances , most prosecutors would not bring such a case , because it would be a waste of resources to indict someone who will probably be acquitted . But this is anything but a run-of-the-mill case . Moreover , the Florida statute provides an additional layer of protection to a defendant claiming self-defense : A judge must decide whether the defendant is "  immune from prosecution , " that is , if the judge believes his actions fall under the law of self-defense . So the following mixed outcome is certainly possible : The special prosecutor indicts ; the judge does or does n't grant immunity ; if he does n't , the jury acquits . Many people would be unhappy with such a mixed outcome , but it is not the job of the law to make people happy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan Dershowitz .	Alan Dershowitz : Prosecutor in Trayvon Martin case could face "  nightmare scenario " He says based on evidence that is public , there could be probable cause to indict But there may not be enough evidence to remove reasonable doubt of guilt Dershowitz : Many people would not be happy with such a mixed outcome
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani military has waded into the political turmoil that has beset the civilian government in recent weeks , prompting concerns the country 's fragile democracy could be undermined . Demonstrations against the embattled government of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif have been taking place in the capital , Islamabad , for the past two weeks . The protests have brought together two opposition leaders who are calling for changes in government , but in different ways . Imran Khan , the former cricket star who now leads one of Pakistan 's largest political parties , has demanded the resignation of Sharif and new elections amid allegations of vote-rigging during last year 's voting . His supporters have joined with those of outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri , who says he wants an overhaul of Pakistan 's political system . Qadri led demonstrations last year against the previous government , paralyzing the center of Islamabad . After failing to negotiate a solution with the protest movements , Sharif on Thursday asked the country 's powerful military for help brokering an end to the crisis . ` Deeper into the quicksand ' The decision is significant in a country ruled for long stretches by military dictators and where the Pakistani army has repeatedly intervened in the political process . Bringing in the military "  pushes democracy a little deeper into the quicksand where it had been trapped for many days , " wrote The News International , a Pakistani newspaper , in an editorial Friday . "  Whether it can pull itself out remains an open question . " Sharif clashed with the military when he served as prime minister during the 1990s , resulting in a lengthy period of exile before his return to power last year . Both Khan and Qadri met late Thursday with the army chief , Gen. Raheel Sharif , who is not related to the prime minister . The two leaders have separately threatened to let their protesters storm parliament if their demands are not . The demonstrators have been camped out in an area of the capital where many key state institutions are based . Anger over shooting The Qadri-led protests have been fueled by anger over the fatal shooting of at least 10 of his supporters by police in the city of Lahore in June . Qadri has alleged that Shahbaz Sharif , the chief minister of Punjab province and the brother of the prime minister , was ultimately responsible for the shooting . Lahore police registered a report Thursday that listed the two Sharif brothers , as well as other top officials , as suspects in the shooting case . The move does n't amount to formal charges against the suspects . It was widely seen as an effort to placate Qadri and his supporters , but the cleric said it did n't go far enough . He called for the resignation of Shahbaz Sharif and the registering of a new report based on his movement 's allegations . The turbulence has put pressure on Pakistan 's political system , which last year carried out a transition from one democratically elected government to another for the first time in its history . Sharif 's government has been in power for less than 15 months . Commenting on the current crisis Thursday , U.S. State Department Spokeswoman Jen Psaki said , "  We continue to urge all sides to refrain from violence , exercise restraint , respect the rule of law . " CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	The prime minister has asked the military chief to help end the crisis Protests have been taking place in the center of the capital for weeks They are led by opposition politician Imran Khan and outspoken cleric Tahir ul Qadri Bringing in the military "  pushes democracy a little deeper into the quicksand , " an editorial says
Hawaii tied West Virginia for 49th place in voter turnout in the November election -- and I 'm pretty pumped about it . That may seem like a strange thing to be excited about , or even to know about , but hear me out on this : Since September , I 've been writing about Hawaii 's lowest-of-the-low voter turnout rate for a new CNN project called Change the List . The goal , as the project name spells out in even-Ke $ ha-can-understand terms  sorry , Ke $ ha , I 'm sure you 're smart , but that dollar sign ...  , was to bump Hawaii off the bottom of that list . And I wanted to do that with your help . Dozens -- probably hundreds -- of you responded , making online pledges to vote for the first time and sending sometimes-pestering , sometimes-sweet messages to six nonvoters in Hawaii whose stories we highlighted on this website . Change the List : 47 of your pro-voting arguments In the end , both Hawaii and West Virginia registered turnout rates of 44.2 % * , according to Michael McDonald , an associate professor at George Mason University who runs a site called the United States Election Project . Both states -- and many others -- saw a decline in turnout from the 2008 election . Nationwide , turnout dropped by about 3 % , McDonald said by phone .  It 's impossible to be more precise because several states still have n't submitted their certified turnout numbers ; blame funding and mail-in ballots for that , he said .  Hawaii 's turnout dropped 4.6 % , by comparison . That sounds like bad news . And , in some respects , it is . The situation at some polling places did n't make it easy to vote . More than two dozen of them on the island of Oahu alone ran out of ballots on Election Day . A polling place volunteer at one elementary school told me he had to start handing out Japanese-language ballots to English speakers just to keep the line moving . The state should institute same-day voter registration and other reforms that would encourage new voters to go to the polls . But if the goal of this project was for Hawaii not to be ranked 50th out of 50 states , then a tie for 49th has to be seen as some sort of victory . If nothing else , it 's a step in the right direction . Plus , your participation in this effort resulted in several unequivocal successes . My favorite : A single message from a Facebook fan of CNN iReport persuaded Michael Remen , a sous-chef in Hilo , Hawaii , to vote . He told me he would n't have cast a ballot otherwise . Here 's the note that did the trick : "  Send him a free ticket to Arlington Cemetery and  show  him how many reasons there are to vote , since all those there died for that right , here and abroad . " Three of the six nonvoters we featured decided to vote because of your messages . Of course , six people wo n't move the needle on a state 's voter turnout rate , but those three people 's voices were heard by their government when they otherwise would n't have been . CNN , of course , ca n't take credit for the people who woke up in Hawaii , way out in the middle of the Pacific , on November 6 and decided to vote . This project received ample coverage in local news , and for that I 'm very grateful to websites like Civil Beat and TV stations like KITV for spreading the word about Hawaii 's low voter turnout rate . But voting ultimately is an intensely personal act . The people who really can improve Hawaii 's voting record are those who live in Hawaii and who want to make a difference . They 're people like Elle Cochran , who never voted until an issue moved her so much that she decided to run for office . She now is a county councilwoman in Maui . And they 're people like Joe Heaukulani , who goes door to door on Oahu trying to persuade people to vote -- for any candidate , regardless of political party . There are people like that in every state , working to make the U.S. government more accountable to all of its people . Progress may be slow , but thinking back on this project I 'm reminded of something Heaukulani said while I was canvassing with him . "  Even if you convince one person , " he said , "  that means you did make a difference . " Thanks to all of you who were a part of that difference . We 'll do it again soon . * Data nerd note : The voter turnout rates are rounded to one decimal place because of a margin of error associated with voting-eligible population data and with prison population estimates , McDonald said . "  Really , all of it has a measure of uncertainty . "	In Hawaii and West Virginia , 44.2 % of voters cast ballots in November The two states tied for the lowest voter turnout rate CNN 's Change the List was trying to boost Hawaii 's turnout The state ranked 50th in 2008 ; it moved into a tie for 49th this year
CNN  The U.S. ocean , atmospheric and space agencies affirmed on Friday what the planet has been telling us every way it knows how : 2014 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880 . That means average land and sea temperatures , worldwide , have never been hotter in modern times , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  the gold standard for global climate data  and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration  the guys who put a man on the moon  . This is n't about whether we believe in science : It 's about whether we believe the thermometer . In fact , the 16 hottest years on record have all occurred since 1997 , the new data confirm , contributing to widening deserts , rising seas , withering drought , ravaging storms , blistering heat and other climate change impacts reaching from the tiniest African village to our own backyards . Here in the United States , Arizona , Nevada , Alaska and California all wrapped up their hottest years on record . California remains mired in the grip of a three-year drought , its worst in centuries . The Northeast is still rebuilding from Hurricane Sandy . And that was just one of the climate-related disasters that cost this country an estimated $ 139 billion in damages in 2012 alone . Above and beyond the economic costs , climate change has created a widening humanitarian crisis noted by spiritual leaders around the world . For example , Pope Francis is expected to publish an encyclical on the state of the world 's environment , singling out climate change as an urgent challenge to global stewardship . It 's reported that he 'll call on people of all faiths to embrace our obligation to protect future generations from this grave and gathering scourge . President Obama has embarked on the single greatest U.S. effort yet to combat this growing menace , by reducing the dangerous carbon pollution that 's driving climate chaos . He has directed the Environmental Protection Agency to put in place the first limits on carbon pollution from the power plants that account for about 40 % of the U.S. carbon footprint . Under the President 's Clean Power Plan , we 'll cut carbon emissions from our power plants 26 % by 2020 and 30 % by 2030 . We can do better than that -- and we should . The President 's plan puts us on the right track . Since last summer , EPA officials have been hard at work , coordinating with their state counterparts , public service commissions , power companies and other vested stakeholders to come up with tailor-made plans to hit the targets in the most cost-effective way . Some power companies are already well on their way , investing in efficiency so we can do more with less waste , getting more power from the wind and sun , cleaning up dirty power plants or some combination of the three . Even as we , as a nation , begin to make progress , though , some coal , gas and oil companies and their allies on Capitol Hill want to turn us back around . Republican leaders in the Congress have pledged to lead legislative efforts meant to keep the EPA from cutting carbon pollution . The Republican leaders are n't offering answers of their own , mind you ; they just want to block any action that could help us address the problem of climate change . It 's part of the big polluter agenda they 've vowed to press , putting fossil fuel profits first -- and putting the rest of us at risk . We have a responsibility in this country to stand up and speak out for what matters most . That 's the essence of American democracy . It 's part of what makes us exceptional . It 's part of what makes us great . We just finished , worldwide , the hottest year on record . Those are facts no amount of climate change denial can alter . We have a choice in this country . We can continue to feed climate disaster by anchoring our future in the fossil fuels of the past , or we can protect future generations from the ravages of climate change by investing in the clean energy solutions of tomorrow .	2014 was the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880 High temperatures have resulted in widening deserts , rising seas , droughts , ravaging storms , blistering heat While President Obama is trying to tackle climate change , Republicans are blocking meaningful actions
CNN  -- Comedian Tracy Morgan is suing Walmart over a deadly limo bus crash on the New Jersey Turnpike that left him critically injured . The complaint was filed Thursday in the U.S. District Court in New Jersey . Morgan , 45 , suffered broken ribs , a broken nose and a broken leg in the crash in the early morning hours of June 7 . His friend and fellow comedian James McNair was killed and others were injured . Morgan has been released from a rehabilitation center and will "  continue his recovery at home with an aggressive outpatient program , " his representative , Lewis Kay , said Saturday . "  He asked me to pass along his sincerest gratitude to everyone who has helped him get to this point , " Kay said . "  He would also appreciate some privacy during this crucial point in his recovery . " The Walmart truck that rear-ended Morgan 's limo was traveling 20 mph over the speed limit and its driver was almost at his drive time limit , according to a preliminary report by the National Transportation Safety Board . According to the complaint filed by lawyers acting for Morgan and three others , the truck driven by Walmart employee Kevin Roper collided with the rear end of Morgan 's vehicle . "  The defendants ' negligence was a substantial contributing factor in causing plaintiffs ' injuries , " the complaint states . In a statement , Walmart said the crash had been a "  terrible tragedy " and that it wished full recoveries to Morgan and two others injured with him , comedian Ardley Fuqua and Morgan 's personal assistant Jeffrey Millea . The fourth plaintiff in the lawsuit is Millea 's wife , Krista . "  Our thoughts continue to go out to them , their families and friends , as well as to the families and friends of everyone involved , including Mr. McNair who lost his life , " the Walmart statement said . "  We are deeply sorry that one of our trucks was involved . As we 've said , we 're cooperating fully in the ongoing investigation . We know it will take some time to resolve all of the remaining issues as a result of the accident , but we 're committed to doing the right thing for all involved . " Roper , from Jonesboro , Georgia , pleaded not guilty last month to criminal charges that include vehicular homicide and assault by auto . Kay said that Morgan did n't have any comment on the lawsuit . He referred all other questions to Morgan 's lawyer , Benedict Morelli . Morgan was a regular on "  Saturday Night Live " for seven years and later received an Emmy nomination for his role in the comedy series "  30 Rock . " The New York City native made his reputation with over-the-top characters and impressions of celebrities such as Mike Tyson and Oprah Winfrey . Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles Cevallos : Was Tracy Morgan crash a crime or accident ?	NEW : Morgan released from rehab center , to continue recovery at home , his rep says "  We 're committed to doing the right thing for all involved , " says Walmart statement Crash injured Morgan and killed his friend Lawsuit is by Morgan and three others , and was filed in U.S. District Court in New Jersey
CNN Student News  -- October 19 , 2009 Quick Guide Pakistan Offensive - Follow a massive assault in Pakistan involving tens of thousands of troops . Hurricane Rick - Keep an eye on a major hurricane swirling in the eastern Pacific Ocean . World 's Tallest Building - Marvel at the magnitude of what will be the tallest building in the world . Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi . Hope you had a great weekend . We 're ready to get started with a new week of commercial-free CNN Student News . From the CNN Center , I 'm Carl Azuz . First Up : Pakistan Offensive AZUZ : A peace deal with the Taliban ? Not an option . Those are the words of a Pakistani military official as the country launches this massive operation against the militant group . This is not the first time Pakistan has tried this kind of large assault , but that same official says this is the most important because it 's aimed at what he says is the Taliban 's main area of power in Pakistan . Reza Sayah has more on the assault and its impact . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP REZA SAYAH , CNN CORRESPONDENT , ISLAMABAD : Showdown in Pakistan : 28,000 troops move into South Waziristan to take on the Taliban on their turf . Soldiers now locking horns with Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud and up to 15,000 of the region 's most hardened Taliban and al Qaeda fighters . PERVEZ HOODBHOY , PAKISTAN DEFENSE ANALYST : At this point , I do n't believe that the Pakistani state has a choice . SAYAH : Defense analyst Pervez Hoodbhoy and military officials call South Waziristan "  the headquarters of the Taliban and al Qaeda , " a safe haven where they are free to train and plan deadly suicide and guerilla attacks . HOODBHOY : Waziristan is very important in the assertion of Pakistan 's sovereignty . Furthermore , this is where the Taliban have their nerve centers . SAUYH : Hoodbhoy says the Taliban know the severe and unforgiving terrain here well and will use it to their advantage . The much anticipated ground offense follows a recent wave of militant attacks in Pakistan that killed more than 150 security personnel and civilians . In several brazen assaults , armed militants humiliated security forces by penetrating the most sensitive police and military compounds . HOODBHOY : What we have seen is that suicide bombings have spread into all our cities . We have seen the extremists become stronger and stronger day after day . And that nerve center lies in Waziristan . We have to go for it now . SAYAH : With troops moving in , tens of thousands of local residents are packing up and moving out . For weeks , they have seen Pakistani jet fighters bomb militant hideouts in preparation for the ground offensive . The U.N. says 80,000 people have already registered for relief aid . UNIDENTIFIED MALE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : There 's war , and we have to take care of our children . That is why we left the area . SAYAH : Washington will watch the battle closely . The Obama administration says insurgent attacks in Afghanistan are often planned and launched from South Waziristan . They 've long pressured Pakistan to get tough on militants here . Three times the Pakistani army has launched military offensives in South Waziristan . All three times , they failed . The Pakistani army now with a fourth opportunity , one it can ill afford to lose . END VIDEO CLIP Troops in Iraq AZUZ : Okay , we 're heading to Iraq now , which is where 3,500 U.S. troops wo n't be going . They were scheduled to deploy to the Middle Eastern nation in January and to replace a National Guard unit that 's serving there right now . But the military says the troops are n't going to Iraq and the National Guard unit is still on schedule to return home . It 's all part of the U.S. plan to gradually decrease the number of American forces in Iraq . U.S. combat troops are scheduled to be out of the country by next August . And all American forces are expected to leave Iraq by the end of 2011 . That schedule is based on the ability of Iraq 's security forces to take control of the country . But it could be affected by ongoing violence . The latest example : Four Iraqi soldiers were killed by a roadside bomb over the weekend . However , Chris Hill , the U.S. ambassador to Iraq , says the plan for American forces is still on track . CHRIS HILL , U.S. AMBASSADOR TO IRAQ : As for our schedule of troop withdrawal , we 've been pretty clear about when the troops would be withdrawn . We 've been working very hard with Iraqi security forces . So , our plan is to draw down the troops as we 've said we 're gon na do . Hurricane Rick AZUZ : And the National Weather Service says people in southwest Mexico and Baja , California -- which is actually part of Mexico -- should keep an eye on Hurricane Rick . Yesterday , this storm reached category five status with top winds around 180 miles per hour . That made Rick the second strongest hurricane in the eastern Pacific Ocean in more than 10 years . Sunday morning , the storm was about 500 miles south of Cabo san Lucas , Mexico . Forecasters expect it to move north and get closer to the Baja Peninsula later this week , although they do predict it 's going to lose strength between now and then . Promo AZUZ : From the Mexican coast to the Middle East , spots around the world to cities in the U.S. , you can always pinpoint locations in the news using our downloadable maps . These geographic guides are free and they help you find out where headlines are happening , and you can find the free resources every day at your favorite web site , CNNStudentNews.com . Shoutout NINETTE SOSA , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! In what country would you find Dubai ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it in : A  Saudi Arabia , B  Yemen , C  Bahrain or D  United Arab Emirates ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Dubai is one of the seven states that make up the United Arab Emirates . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! World 's Tallest Building AZUZ : The Sears Tower . Taipei 101 . The Petronas Towers . All of these are some of the tallest buildings in the world . But there 's a new one in Dubai has em ` all beat . Imagine running a half mile . Now imagine going that distance straight up . Stan Grant looks at the company and the country that are behind a towering accomplishment . BEGIN VIDEO NEIL ARMSTRONG , NASA ASTRONAUT : That 's one small step for man ... STAN GRANT , CNN CORRESPONDENT , UNITED ARAB EMIRATES : The year , 1969 . Now , 40 years later , here on Earth in a city in the Middle East , man is again reaching for the stars . KYE HO KIM , SR. . VICE PRESIDENT , SAMSUNG CONSTRUCTION : This is kind of a project like the first exploration to the moon , ok ? Nobody can challenge it . GRANT : The Burj Dubai translates in English as Dubai Tower , and it certainly towers over what is already a massive Dubai skyline . Kye Ho Kim is senior vice president with Samsung Construction , a division of the giant , Korean multi-national company that is rewriting construction records with this building . KIM : It 's really very scary . GRANT : Why ? You can see down ? KIM : Yeah ! Just the bottom , we can see right through the bottom . GRANT : Oh my goodness ! The whole way to the ground ? KIM : Oh , yeah ! GRANT : What a list of firsts : When completed and opened , it will be the tallest building in the world at more than 800 meters ; that 's about half a mile high . It will be the building with the greatest number of floors , the world 's highest and fastest elevator . When finished later this year , after five years of construction , the cost will top out at more than $ 4 billion . And on it goes . KIM : They have 1,200 units of residences and hotel rooms . Think about just one building , one single building . We have one town . GRANT : It 's a source of pride for a company whose success is a symbol of Korea 's development . A country once devastated by war and still divided between North and South , it has rebuilt itself , emerging as a modern capitalist democracy and launching global companies just like Samsung . KIM : I think Korean engineers are very diligent , I think the most diligent people in the world . GRANT : You 're very proud ! KIM : I 'm very proud . GRANT : Proud of this building , proud of Korea ? KIM : Yeah , yeah . GRANT : Well , Dubai is all about firsts ; it 's all about what is the biggest and what is the most impressive . I 'm just leaving Dubai Mall now ; that is the biggest shopping mall in the world . And if you walk down here and take a look behind me , here is the biggest building in the world , or it will be when it 's open . Now , if you speak to the people who are constructing it , this is not just a building , it is a symbol : a symbol of Korea and what Korea 's been able to achieve and indeed , a symbol for all humanity . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : That thing is huge . Now , before we go , one of life 's hugest mysteries : Who let the dogs out ? Apparently everyone , based on this pooch parade in Ohio . The canine costumes included cops , so naturally , you had some crooks , as well . Dressing a bulldog up as a bull seems like the natural choice . Although this jester does n't seem too amused . Some pups wore top hats and tail while others played it cool . And this little guy is just bee-yond cute . Goodbye AZUZ : Dressed up dogs , always a pup-ular choice for a Before We Go segment . It 's time to paws for now . But CNN Student News returns tomorrow . So we look forward to seeing you then . I 'm Carl Azuz .	Follow a massive assault in Pakistan involving tens of thousands of troops Keep an eye on a major hurricane swirling in the eastern Pacific Ocean Marvel at the magnitude of what will be the tallest building in the world
CNN  -- On Tuesday , voters across the country appeared to offer a rebuke to the administration of President Barack Obama by voting into office many Republicans , who now will control the Senate and the House of Representatives . Such a take-down in the second year of the second term of any President is not uncommon . But this is the first African-American president , a man swept into office twice with huge support from blacks . Does voters ' midterm reaction to Obama indicate some flagging in support for him among people of color ? Could the GOP be making inroads with black voters ? Well , first consider : Last week Chris Rock hosted "  Saturday Night Live . " The show reprised a segment about blacks and President Obama called : How 's he doing ? The bit had an all-black panel , and after a few moments the discussion turned to the following question : What would it take for Barack Obama to lose the black vote ? Spoiler alert : There is no way for him to do that . It was just a comedy skit , but seems to be true in real life ; some may wonder why . After all , the unemployment rate for blacks remains high . In September the unemployment rate for whites was 4.9 % , while for blacks it was more than double that , at 10.8 % . The racial wealth gap also remains high . What is less well-known is that when you control for family income , black median wealth is less than one-third of white median wealth . Put another way , at every income level , blacks only have a fraction of the wealth that similarly situated whites have . From a financial perspective , things are not good for many blacks when compared with their white peers -- in spite of there being a black President . Nevertheless , there is widespread support of the President among blacks . So far , the Republican Party has given black voters little reason to shift its way , and Republicans should not assume that black support will simply move to their side if they merely put forth a black candidate . A few of the reasons why : Republican-controlled state legislatures that enacted voter-ID laws , coupled with Republican positions on affirmative action and immigration , are outside of the views held by most of the black community . But to be sure , black support for President Obama has eroded . Obama 's favorability rating is down 9 percentage points from the beginning of the year and stands at 85 % . His favorability among whites has remained unchanged at 34 % . But black support is double that of whites . Why ? Is it because blacks always support blacks ? Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas would say that ca n't be true , and tell that to the blacks who supported Hillary Clinton in the 2008 primaries . No , I suspect it 's because we have empathy for the situation Obama finds himself in . He is n't even safe in his own home , for heaven 's sake . To quote Chris Rock from the "  SNL " segment : "  Run into R Kelly 's lawn and see what happens . " What most blacks have in common with President Obama , is well -- we 're black . We 've all been disrespected at work  remember "  You lie ! " from Rep. Joe Wilson  . We 've all been presumed incompetent : "  Why is the President 's response to Ebola so weak ? " Here 's why : Because the Republicans will not confirm his nominee for surgeon general . That is not President Obama 's fault -- even though he receives the blame . Last year , a CNBC poll showed that when you polled the term "  Obamacare " you received a different response than when you polled the term "  Affordable Care Act " : 46 % of the group asked about Obamacare opposed it , while 37 % asked about the Affordable Care Act opposed it . It is not the President 's fault that when some voters hear his name associated with something they are more likely to reflexively oppose it . Who does n't remember the "  Keep the government out of my Medicare " signs when the Affordable Care Act was being debated in town hall meetings across the country ? Uh . ... You almost did n't have the heart to tell them that Medicare is a government program . Early reports show that indeed Obama has not lost black support in the voting booth . About 90 % of blacks voted Democratic in the 2014 midterm elections , roughly where they voted in 2012 and 2010 . A high percentage of black voters will likely always support this President . His experiences are like our experiences . He may be the President , but ... he 's ... still ... black like us . But the midterms do not bode well for the Democrats in 2016 . Republicans could not put enough images of President Obama in their election ads , and many Democrats could not run away from the President fast enough . My favorite was Kentucky Senate hopeful Alison Lundergan Grimes refusing to say whether she even voted for President Obama . She lost anyway . Contrast her response with that of a senator from Kentucky -- Rand Paul -- a presidential aspirant who stated , at a Detroit GOP field office in an African-American neighborhood , that the "  Republican Party brand sucks , and so people do n't want to be a Republican and for 80 years , African-Americans have had nothing to do with Republicans . " In 2016 when President Obama is no longer at the top of the ticket helping to get out the black vote out , Democrats will have a different problem . If they lose , maybe they will blame that on President Obama as well .	Dorothy Brown : Did voters ' apparent rebuke of Dems extend to blacks support ? She says blacks still fair poorly on employment , wealth , but they still back Obama over GOP She says they identify with what he 's faced : disrespect , blame , stonewalling Brown : Blacks reject GOP 's stance toward them . But Dems should worry about 2016
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- Seven people were killed in a series of clashes between police and suspected Kurdish militants in southeastern Turkey that sent guests at a wedding party scrambling for cover , an official said Monday . The fighting started Sunday night when suspected militants attacked four locations in the town of Semdinli , an official from the governor 's office in Hakkari province told CNN . The attacks targeted the local police and military headquarters , a mountain commando unit and residences of military personnel , said the official , who asked to remain anonymous because he was not authorized to speak with the media . A wedding celebration nearby was caught in the crossfire . As heavy gunfire and explosions rang out , guests cried and screamed , a video from Dogan News Agency shows . Women and children in colorful dresses ran away from the dance floor , scrambling to take cover . The bride and groom also fled . Some wedding guests were wounded , the official from the governor 's office said . One soldier , one police officer , three civilians and two suspected militants were killed during the clashes , the official said . Six security forces and six civilians were injured during the firefight , he said . The bloody , 26-year war between guerrilla fighters from the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  and the Turkish state has escalated over the last month . The Kurdish separatist movement has claimed responsibility for a series of deadly attacks throughout the summer that have claimed the lives of more than a dozen Turkish soldiers . In August , the Turkish military retaliated , launching a wave of airstrikes and artillery barrages across the border against suspected PKK camps in the mountains of northern Iraq . The Turkish armed forces claimed to have killed more than 100 rebels in the cross-border attacks . Turkey has been fighting against the PKK since 1984 . More than 30,000 people , mostly ethnic Kurds , have been killed in the conflict .	A video shows a wedding celebration caught in the crossfire 1 soldier , 1 police officer , 2 suspected militants and 3 civilians are killed , an official says Official : The fighting started when suspected militants attack four locations The clashes come as fighting between Kurdish militants and the Turkish state escalates
Mashable  -- The fabled PlayStation Phone has finally surfaced , and it is definitely packing Google 's Android OS . A few months ago , rumors surfaced about the existence of a PlayStation Phone , a hybrid mobile and gaming device with a 5-megapixel camera , 1 GHz Snapdragon processor , slide-out gaming pad and the Android Gingerbread OS . While those reports contained several details concerning the device , there was n't much in terms of proof . Now Engadget has delivered strong evidence that the device exists . The technology blog has posted a series of crisp pictures of the device , and unless someone went to extreme lengths to create a false prototype , it looks legitimate to us . Engadget reports that the PlayStation Phone sports 512 MB of RAM , 1 GB of ROM and a 1GHz Qualcomm MSM8655 Snapdragon chip . It includes a multitouch touchpad , trigger buttons and microSD card support . The device is being built by Sony Ericsson . The Android-based gaming phone is still a prototype according to the report , so it 's unlikely to arrive before the holidays ; we 'd bet on a Q1 or Q2 2011 release . We 're itching to get our hands one of of these bad boys . We want to find out if the PlayStation Phone can make Android into a gaming powerhouse on par with the iPhone , or whether the device will go the way of the N-Gage . © 2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Rumors have surfaced about the existence of a PlayStation Phone Engadget says the device is being built by Sony Ericsson and is packing Google 's Android OS The phone is a hybrid mobile and gaming device with a 5-megapixel camera
On the second and final day of Jay-Z 's Budweiser "  Made in America Festival " in Philadelphia , conversation remained centered on its host . After bringing out Kanye West and most of his G.O.O.D. Music crew on the first night during his headlining set , the Brooklyn emcee returned on Sunday , joining Pearl Jam for an airtight , riffing take on his Black Album cut "  99 Problems , " a version of the song only comparable to a 2004 collaboration with Phish . Jay 's surprise appearance highlighted what was a momentous set by Eddie Vedder 's crew . Over two hours , the rock vets satiated all levels of fans , mixing set staples  "  Better Man , " "  Alive , " "  Even Flow "  with unexpected gifts , including a full ride through the Vs. cut "  WMA " and a brief interlude into the Ramones ' "  Blitzkrieg Bop " during the outro of "  Daughter . " A day earlier , Jay-Z screened a PSA from Barack Obama for audience members , urging them to vote in the upcoming election . Almost exactly 24 hours later Vedder also dabbled in political gesture : "  I want to talk about one of the political parties , " he told the crowd before charging through the Clash 's protest anthem "  Know Your Rights . " "  I wo n't mention any names , but one of the parties wants to make it harder for you to vote . " This sermon followed a Vedder discourse on the dwindling job market before the appropriately titled "  Unemployable . " Drake , wearing a white-on-white jean-and-tank combo , delivered on the unenviable task of warming up the stage for Pearl Jam . The Young Money rapper , who revealed he 's "  working on a new one right now , " linked up with G.O.O.D Music 's 2 Chainz for a fierce take on the Atlanta rhyme-slinger 's "  No Lie " and MMG 's day-one absentee French Montana for "  Pop That . " The rapper , who got somber during the singsong plea of "  Marvin 's Room , " balanced it out with humor  "  You got a tank top on and your nipples are out , " he told an audience member  . Performing for the first time since the 2002 murder of co-founder Jam Master Jay , seminal hip-hop crew Run-D.M.C . reunited for a triumphant Sunday afternoon set . Surviving members Joseph "  Run " Simmons and Daryl "  D.M.C. " McDaniels paid tribute early and often to their late partner  "  Jam Master Jay was everything to us , so we put a silence on the group , " Run explained of the group 's decade-long hiatus  , even having the late DJ 's two sons , DJ Mizell and J'Son , behind the decks . Run , decked out in full Adidas regalia , made no secret of his elation over returning to the stage : "  Damn , this feels good , " he said at the start of a 40-minute set that peaked with "  It 's Tricky " and "  Mary , Mary . " Immediately after Run-D.M.C . left the stage , rap 's newest generation of talent was put on display with a set from Odd Future , which featured an abundance of "  Wolf Gang " chants and six of the collective 's rappers , including Tyler , the Creator , Earl Sweatshirt , and Hodgy Beats . Late in the set , Tyler debuted a blistering , as-yet-unfinished song , sarcastically prefacing it with a false disclaimer : "  It 's really calm , " he said . It was n't , and Odd Future catalyzed the formation of the only mosh pit Rolling Stone saw all weekend . Punk rockers X attracted a thin crowd late Sunday night at the Liberty side stage ; today 's punks were nowhere to be found , as the band brought in a markedly older demographic . The foursome appeared a little stiff onstage , but aurally speaking , any Eighties cobwebs were thoroughly dusted off as the band nailed classics like "  Los Angeles " and "  Johnny Hit and Run Paulene . " Earlier in the day , with rain falling intermittently on the crowd , Rita Ora -- Roc Nation 's up-and-coming artist  and a finalist for Rolling Stone 's Woman Who Rock contest  -- looked like a street Beyoncé  think beanie and bangs  as she wilded out to her forthcoming debut 's Biggie-inspired , reggae-tinged single "  How We Do  Party  " and "  Hot Right Now . " The Hives , wearing their usual top hats and tuxedos , followed Ora 's performance with an occasionally comical but always full-throttle showing . "  You got hands , clap them . You got a ** es , shake them , " frontman Pelle Almqvist instructed the crowd before launching into their new cut "  Take Back the Toys . " One of Sunday 's biggest draws was Afrojack , whose set spawned a veritable diaspora toward the Freedom Tent after Drake 's main stage performance , siphoning off a considerable number of festivalgoers from X 's set on the nearby Liberty Stage . The DJ and producer spun crowd-pleasers like his remix of Martin Solveig 's "  Hello " as his smoke machines were on in full force . "  We 're going to make it feel like sunshine , " Philly native Santigold promised after inviting a handful of eager fans onstage for "  Creator . " Fellow Philly singer Jill Scott did her part to keep the mood lively , calling on the city 's own Eve for a surprise performance of "  Let Me Blow Ya Mind , " a song which had the hometown crowd singing along with every word . See RollingStone.com for full story .	Jay-Z rocked out at his Philadelphia music festival with Pearl Jam Rapper Drake served as an opening act Run-D.M.C . reunited and payed tribute to Jam Master Jay
CNN  -- One day , California wakes up and every single Latino has inexplicably disappeared . No business owner , doctor , nurse , soldier , teacher , entertainer , athlete or politician can be found . No bus driver , farm worker , cook , gardener or nanny . All gone . California -- the ninth largest economy in the world -- grinds to a halt because Latinos have vanished . Chaos and tragedy follow . This scenario is what Sergio Arau 's satiric film , "  A Day Without a Mexican , " explores . This modern-day fable provides a cautionary tale on the assumptions we make about the 11 million unauthorized immigrants who live and work in America every day . An oft-repeated mantra used to malign these "  economic refugees " -- a term that more closely defines who they actually are , rather than the inflammatory "  illegal immigrant " -- is that they do n't pay taxes . They send their kids to our schools , and they do n't pay taxes . They earn their wages , and they do n't pay income tax . Such incendiary assertions are coded language designed explicitly to generate a negative reaction . The facts , which most people do n't know , refute such claims entirely . Sales tax . Like everyone in the country , every time a refugee goes to a store and buys something , they pay sales tax . They buy milk ; they pay sales tax . They buy shoes ; they pay sales tax . They buy a television ; they pay sales tax . Property tax . When refugees rent -- whether it 's in an apartment building , a room in a house or a house -- a portion of that rent is passed on to the landlord , who pays property tax to the state . Payroll tax . President Reagan 's 1986 immigration reform law penalizes employers who knowingly hire undocumented workers . This policy has generated a black-market business for fake identity documents . In less than an hour you can obtain a fake green card , Social Security number and driver 's license . Most refugees , then , do provide the necessary documents -- fake or otherwise -- to employers and when they get their paycheck , up to 15 % of their earnings goes to Uncle Sam to pay Social Security and Medicare . But since it 's illegal for them to receive Social Security and Medicare benefits , this creates a windfall for Uncle Sam . The "  Earnings Suspense File , " used to track names and Social Security numbers that do n't match government records , grew an average of $ 67 billion per year from 2000 to 2007  the most recent years for which data is available  , three times faster than the file grew in the 1990s . In 2007 , $ 11.2 billion went into the Social Security Trust Fund and $ 2.6 billion went into Medicare , for a total that year of $ 13.8 billion . Given the financial climate in America these past years , these are funds we can ill afford to do without . This week , in his testimony to the Congressional Budget Committee , Stephen Goss , chief actuary of the Social Security Administration , said that because of the country 's growing aging population and decline in birth rates , the Disability Insurance Trust fund reserves will be depleted by 2018 and the Social Security Trust Fund will follow suit by 2036 . Goss told The Washington Post recently that the windfall from economic refugees has saved the retirement system from insolvency . A similar phenomenon holds true on the state level . In December 2006 , Texas was the first state to conduct a comprehensive financial analysis of the impact of undocumented immigrants on a state 's budget and economy . The stunning results showed that "  undocumented immigrants produced $ 1.58 billion in state revenues , which exceeded the $ 1.16 billion in state services they received . " Carole Keeton Strayhorn , the former Texas Comptroller , said , "  Bottom line , undocumented immigrants in the state of Texas are adding $ 17.7 billion to our gross state product ... we net $ 428 million at the state level because of the taxes they 're paying in . " A few years ago , the Congressional Budget Office evaluated the impact of economic refugees on the budgets of state and local governments . It concluded , "  Over the past two decades , most efforts to estimate the fiscal impact of immigration in the United States have concluded that , in aggregate and over the long term , tax revenues of all types generated by immigrants -- both legal and unauthorized -- exceed the cost of the services they use . " The film "  A Day Without a Mexican " was made in 2004 . No Mexicans -- or Colombians or Argentines or Guatemalans or Panamanians , for that matter -- have mysteriously disappeared from our country . In the long run , a day without Mexicans would deal a devastating blow not just to California , but to the U.S. economy . It is time to cease the mantras that enforce the idea that illegal immigrants are nothing more than leeches to our society , and embrace the realities of what these people actually contribute to our economy : a financial fountain we would be foolish to shut off . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Charles Garcia .	Charles Garcia : Not having illegal immigrants would be devastating blow to U.S. economy Unauthorized immigrants pay taxes and contribute to Social Security and Medicare But since it 's illegal for them to receive those benefits , this creates a windfall for Uncle Sam Garcia : It 's time to do away with the idea that illegal immigrants are leeches to our society
Beijing  CNN  -- Money rewards are coming in for a woman who rescued a bleeding toddler left for dead last week by multiple passersby in southern China . Two hit-and-run drivers rammed into Wang Yue , 2 , one after another , as she walked on a narrrow street in Foshan . More than a dozen people walked , cycled or drove past as she lay bleeding in a busy market , sparking a global outcry on the state of morality in a fast-changing society . Wang is in critical condition , her brain showing little activity despite earlier subtle movements in the lower body , said her mother , Qu Feifei . But despite the many villains in the story , it has also turned the spotlight on an unlikely hero : A 58-year-old scavenger . In the video that has sparked outrage globally , Chen Xianmei moves the baby to safety , becoming an instant symbol of understated decency in a nation analysts say is obsessed with climbing the economic ladder . "  I did n't think of anything at the time , " Chen said Sunday . "  I just wanted to save the girl . " Two government offices in Guangdong province , where the hit-and-run occurred , offered the Good Samaritan a total of 20,000 yuan  US $ 3,135  , according to state-run Xinhua news agency . Wang 's mother has said she does not understand the behavior of the passersby , but wants to focus on the positive . "  Granny Chen represents the best of human nature , " she said of her daughter 's rescuer . "  It 's the nicest and most natural side of us . " On Sina Weibo , China 's equivalent of Twitter , the story continued to be the No. 1 topic after generating more than 4.5 million posts along with a "  stop apathy " online campaign . As the outrage over morality continues , a steady procession of well-wishers pours in , offering gifts , money and support to the toddler 's family .	Two hit-and-run drivers rammed into the 2-year-old last week In the video , Chen Xianmei moves the baby to safety "  I just wanted to save the girl , " she says
CNN  -- In the wake of the Supreme Court decision that struck down key portions the Defense of Marriage Act , I celebrated this historic milestone like many Americans as a step toward acceptance of all people . Even though I 'm straight , I relate to my LGBT brothers and sisters as I also struggle for others ' acceptance . By all accounts , I appear to be a completely average 27-year-old female . I was never the kind of person who thought I 'd champion for individual rights or equality . Sure , I believe in it , but I 'm not the stereotypical "  Occupy " protestor or gay rights advocate . On the outside , I look like many of my peers ; I wear skinny jeans and Abercrombie . I play on my iPhone , Facebook and Twitter . I tend to blend seamlessly into the background of average female faces . However , I realize that my life as a typical twentysomething will not last long . As time goes on , I will start to become more and more isolated from my peer group as my secret comes out . You see , I do n't want children . At first mention , this might seem like a minor comment . However , it is a choice that I feel has alienated me from my peers and will continue to do so as I creep toward middle age . The realization that I am somehow different is how I found myself standing up for my own personal beliefs and , along the way , championing equal rights for all . Although I know that I do not share the same predicament as gays and lesbians , I use the comparison to explain that I , too , am seeking acceptance in a world in which I often feel ostracized and out of place . I identify with many of my gay and lesbian friends in that I 've always felt I should be honest about who I was . I do n't think it 's right to have to say , "  Well , we 'll have kids someday , " just as I do n't think it 's right for a gay man to have to say , "  Someday I 'll meet a nice girl and settle down . " Like him , this is simply who I am . My "  coming out " has been met with mixed reactions from family members . When I told my parents , my dad was quietly accepting and my mom cried endlessly . She did n't understand right away . Later , she accepted it and now supports my stand for equality . My husband and I argued about whether we should tell his parents . I said we should , while he said we should just say "  not now . " But I think that 's being dishonest about who we are and even wonder if he is ashamed or not fully committed to our decision , although he says he is . I tell him he 's still "  in the closet " -- or perhaps even on the fence . I have a hard time identifying with people who do have children and have felt the brunt of many of their judgments . I have been called selfish and materialistic . But I do n't believe that I am selfish by any means for making this responsible choice . It would be far more selfish to have a child for the wrong reasons . The pressure is particularly intense living in a military town in the South . I 've had women tell me that I was a horrible person , a horrible wife and a horrible American because it was my "  duty " to reproduce . I was shocked to hear such a statement in 2013 . I was born in the 1980s -- what I thought was an age of enlightenment in which women no longer were pigeonholed into such archaic stereotypes . I have stated that I do n't want children ; now I ought to state what I do want . I want people to know that I like children . People assume I hate them . This is n't true . I have worked with children and have found it to be an incredibly rewarding experience . I want others to know that I am a practical person . I do n't feel that it is right to raise a child in a home full of stress . I do n't have an incredibly high-paying job , and I worry that I 'll be burdened by student loan debt when I graduate from my doctoral program . A child is not a cute accessory that you drop off at day care and pick up at night . I realize that there is a commitment associated with raising a child , and it is not a commitment that I wish to make . I take commitments very seriously and think each and every decision through using logic and reasoning , and I 've made this decision that same way . ' I am nobody 's mother and I never will be ' I want to be celebrated for what I have achieved and who I am as a person , not for what I am allegedly lacking . I want those who 've offered to pray for me to direct their intentions and sympathies toward those who really need it . I have a great life . I have achieved almost all of my educational goals . I have a husband whom I love and a job that makes me happy . To waste sympathy on me would be abhorrent . I want to start an educated , informed discourse . I do n't want to be spoken to in condescending tones and told that this is just a phase . I am not a small child who has developed finicky eating habits . I am a grown , responsible adult woman who has made a decision . Just as gays and lesbians do not "  outgrow " their orientations , I do n't believe that I will outgrow mine either . I want people to know that I do have a family . There are people who believe that I should not have married my husband because we do n't plan to reproduce . I ca n't help but wonder : Is a family not made up of people who love and care for each other ? Is there a minimum quota to be considered a family ? Last time I checked , there was n't . Are two people raising their offspring in an environment of anger , violence or poverty better people than my husband and I , whose house is filled with happiness and love ? I want people to know that writing this essay is the boldest thing I have ever done in my life . I realize that by publishing it , I run the risk of being ostracized and alienated by many people . That 's OK . It is a risk I am willing to take . Like the equal rights crusaders before me who have challenged the beliefs of society with regard to race , gender and sexual orientation , I realize that my views will not always be popular . I just wish to do my part in creating a society that allows everyone , regardless of personal choices , to be accepted and able to express themselves freely without fear of judgment . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Zoe Zorka .	Zoe Zorka feels discrimination as a woman who does n't want children She 's been met with mixed reactions after "  coming out " to family and friends "  To waste sympathy on me would be abhorrent , " Zorka writes Have a personal essay to share with the world ? Submit at CNN iReport
CNN  -- An ambitious employee of "  The Circle , " an all-seeing , all-knowing tech company at the heart of the new novel by Dave Eggers , raises her hand to pitch an idea to her bosses : Use the firm 's social network to register virtually everyone in America to vote . Then she takes it further . "  Our interfaces are infinitely easier to use than , say the patchwork of DMV sites around the country , " she says . "  What if you could renew your license through us ? What if every government service could be facilitated through our network ? People would leap at the chance . Instead of visiting a hundred different sites for a hundred different government services , it could all be done through the Circle . " The idea of substituting a frictionless private network for clunky government sites might seem an appealing one , given the much-publicized woes of Obamacare 's HealthCare.gov . It 's just one of the ways Eggers is fortunate in the timing of his book , which seems ripped from recent headlines about privacy , technology and social media . "  The Circle " will send many readers hunting for the paperback copies of "  1984 " they have n't opened since high school . But does its portrait of a digital totalitarian future inspire the same kind of foreboding that George Orwell 's dystopian novel did at a time when many people believed dictatorships were destined to control the world ? Are Google , Facebook and Twitter taking us to , as a Joe Nocera column in The New York Times suggested , "  a world without privacy " ? Eggers builds his story around Mae Holland , a naive employee of her hometown 's public utility , who escapes the boredom of her life in a cubicle by landing a job at The Circle , the most desirable tech company around . Through a friend , rising Circle star Annie , Mae is installed in a "  customer experience " post where she is dazzled by the company 's feature-rich 400-acre campus , full of benefits for workers ranging from tennis courts to gyms to theaters to a cafeteria where famous singer-songwriters show up to entertain . Powerful politicians are always visiting the campus . Company parties offer primo food and drink . Employees are encouraged to help themselves to the merchandise at a company store stocked with cutting-edge products that have n't yet been publicly released . Mae 's father , who suffers from multiple sclerosis , and who , with her mother , is locked in constant battle with his health insurer for the care he needs , is soon put on The Circle 's generous health plan , at Annie 's behest . Yet Mae 's work , a grueling round of interaction with The Circle 's customers , is at odds with the paradise of benefits the company touts . Everything she does is instantly measured and rated and she 's encouraged to keep going back to the customers to persuade them to give her higher scores . She goes to absurd lengths to win favorable ratings . And those parties are n't only a reward for her hard work ; attendance is mandatory for those who want to be seen as embracing The Circle 's values and suitable for promotion . Officials blithely talk about the importance of "  work-life balance " when what they really mean is that people should be using their "  off hours " to be furthering The Circle 's agenda through social media . Eventually , Mae will graduate from "  customer experience " and gain fame as she wears a camera that makes her life almost totally transparent . She only has to look at her wrist device to see the "  zings , " Twitter-like bursts of comments her millions of followers send as they react to every conversation she has and every letter she reads . Mae 's ties to Annie , her parents and an old boyfriend and to her passion for kayaking are steadily weakened as she falls afoul of The Circle 's imperatives to share and to reveal all . Rather than rebel and quit her job at the prestigious company , though , she becomes the fiercest adherent of its values . At The Circle , employees are encouraged to think big , to hatch ideas for new services relying on the power of big data , measurement and intrusiveness . And those ideas are breathtaking in their ambition -- and scary in that they do n't seem as far from realization as they should in Eggers ' fantasy world . A book that begins as a lighthearted cautionary tale grows into a claustrophobic portrait of relentless effort to achieve the culmination of "  closing the Circle , " erasing privacy and anonymity to the point where anyone anywhere can be located with precision within minutes and tracked by The Circle 's "  SeeChange " cameras or by fleets of drones . How much of "  The Circle " is tongue-in-cheek ? There are parts where Eggers surely is having fun with Mae 's innocence and her bosses ' laughable rhetoric and overweening ambition . None of the characters is fully formed enough to seem real . Still , he seems to be searching also for a way to prod people to ask whether the cost of surrendering privacy is always an acceptable price to pay for the newest service or the coolest device . In a recent interview with The Telegraph , Eggers was asked : "  What is the greatest threat to our freedom today ? " His answer : "  Our feeling that we 're entitled to know anything we want about anyone we want . " In this respect , "  The Circle " is n't all that far away from "  1984 " in its ability to sound an alarm . Yet Orwell 's vision , from the vantage point of the late 1940s , was guided by the actual horrors of the Soviet Union 's totalitarian regime . Eggers , as much as his narrative evokes the events of today from the NSA surveillance controversy to the Obamacare website troubles , imagines a horrific future that has n't arrived and likely will never come .	In a novel , a character proposes that a social network should take on government functions "  The Circle " is proposed as a venue for voter registration , and every government service Author Dave Eggers paints dark picture of corporations using digital networks to erase privacy Does Eggers ' vision resemble the kind of totalitarianism depicted in "  1984 " ?
CNN  -- Hillsborough County , Florida , Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone at his station at a county jail facility near Tampa when an inmate attacked him with no warning . Moon , 64 , was no match for Douglas Burden , 24 , in custody on various drug charges . With Moon still in his chair , Burden put him in a choke hold and pulled tight . And then , surveillance video of the Monday attack showed , other inmates jumped into the fray . But the other inmates joined the fight on the guard 's side , pulling Burden away from Moon and punching him in the head . One inmate grabbed Moon 's radio and called for back-up . The inmates held Burden down until other guards arrived as one of them extended a hand to help Moon up , according to the video . Col. James Previtera , commander of Hillsborough County 's Department of Detention Services , told reporters he believed that the inmates "  saved the deputy 's life . " "  The response of the inmates in this case , I think , speaks volumes as to the fact that we treat these men and women ... in our facilities with a lot of respect , " Previtera said . Previtera said that Burden was moved to administrative confinement after the attack and that Moon was not seriously hurt .	Deputy Kenneth Moon was alone when an inmate attacked him with no warning Incident at county jail facility in Hillsborough County , Florida , near Tampa Other inmates helped guard , called for backup
San Jose , California  CNN  -- Ping-pong is a game most Americans play in their basements . But competitive table tennis is a different story . In fact , it 's an Olympic sport , and the United States has a bright , new star representing Team USA in London : 16-year-old Ariel Hsing . Ariel 's parents , Michael Hsing and Xin Jaing , immigrants to the United States , play table tennis . When her mother could n't find a baby sitter , she brought a then 7-year-old Ariel along with her when playing at table tennis clubs . It was there that Ariel discovered her love for the sport and her talent . "  I love table tennis , and I love playing . I love to practice so I just kept practicing and there were tournaments along the way , but it just kind of happened gradually , " said Ariel . iReport : Get involved with the Olympic Games "  I never thought for one minute : ` OK , I am just going to dedicate my life to table tennis . ' I really love it , and I 'm really passionate about it so I just keep wanting to do it . " While other elite athletes focus solely on their sport and winning Olympic gold , Ariel is a junior at Valley Christian High School in San Jose with college on the horizon . She aspires to attend Stanford University . Ariel understands that table tennis is not as popular other Olympic sports and does n't bring in the same kind of endorsements and money . She must split her focus between athletics and academics . To achieve success on the table and in the classroom , Ariel has a regimented schedule . "  I wake up at around 7 a.m. I 'll go practice serves for half an hour , and then I 'll start getting ready for school . My dad will drive me to school . After my classes , he 'll pick me up with lunch and he 'll drive me to a nearby club . "  And after I eat my lunch I 'll usually take a nap in the car . And once I get there , at the club , I 'll train for two to three hours and he 'll drive me to another club and there I 'll play another two hours , then I 'll come home , eat dinner , do homework , and I 'll finally get to sleep , " Ariel said . Saudi Arabia names two women to Olympics team All of the practice is necessary as Ariel notes her sport goes well beyond a friendly game of ping-pong . "  I think ping-pong is the kind of game that everyone loves to play . A lot of people have their table in their basement at home , and they just play around for fun but competitive table tennis is really different . "  It 's not just about your arm , but you have to move your legs so much , it can be really tiring and when you 're actually playing a match , it 's just like a chess game . You have to beat the opponent mentally while they 're trying to change their strategies , " she said . Ariel 's made several sacrifices to get her to her first Olympic Games , such as adjusting her diet . "  I 've had to give up a lot of food for table tennis . I really love to eat , and I love to eat anything unhealthy , anything that will give you a heart attack , those are my foods , so I 've had to give up a lot of those in order to maintain a good athletic shape . " With her intense schedule , Ariel has also sacrificed time hanging out with friends , but she 's also gained a notable new friend : Warren Buffett . She met Buffett when she was 9 on Buffett 's 75th birthday . Buffett received a table tennis lesson as a gift , and the local coach thought it be fun to bring a young phenom along to assist in the lesson . Ariel made such an impression on Buffett that he remains one of her biggest fans . Buffett offers her advice , encouragement and is a constant cheerleader , even watching her matches online from his office . "  Uncle Warren has just been so supportive of me . When I was playing the finals of the Olympic trials , he was there in his office , cheering for me , and everyone in his office did n't know what was going on . So that was really funny , " Ariel said . She is appreciative of this special bond with Buffett , and it 's clear the influence he 's had on her . She hopes to major in business in college . But she says the best advice he 's given her was n't something he said but rather something she learned by example . "  He 's just been so humble and just so down to earth , and I think that 's really admirable , and I really want to be like that . " As she excitedly heads off to London , Ariel remains grounded in what her role is . She takes representing her country very seriously , but she also knows she bears a responsibility as a role model . "  I would just tell people to always fight for their dreams and just try really , really hard to go for it . Because when I was 8 years old , I had a dream of making the Olympics one day . I wrote this down on a little piece of paper , and I rolled it up and I put it in this little box . ... I convinced myself if I opened that piece of paper , my wish would not come true . So it 's just been sitting in my room , and it 's been a constant reminder of my dream and a constant reminder of what I was working for . "	Ariel Hsing , 16 , is representing Team USA in table tennis Hsing met Warren Buffett as a child ; he has played with her many times Her advice : "  I would just tell people to always fight for their dreams "
CNN  -- "  Budapest " rolls off the tongue pretty easily , and the Hungarian capital itself feels as if it 's been around for a long time . But Budapest is a relatively recent construct -- the result of an 1873 merger between two distinct cities : Buda on the western bank of the Danube and Pest on the bank opposite . The result , Budapest , sounds so much more natural than other twin cities -- Minneapolis/St . Paul or Dallas/Fort Worth -- it 's difficult to imagine that the alternative "  Pestbuda " was floated seriously at the time . Although they 've been populated for centuries , Pest and Buda have developed so separately that the first bridge spanning the Danube , the imposing Chain Bridge , was n't built until 1849 . Their distinctiveness continues to this day . View from the hills Built on a series of hills , Buda is the site of a grand Hapsburg palace and has a detached , imperial air of settled wealth . In contrast , populous Pest -- as flat as a prairie -- is busy , buzzing and bourgeois , with an assortment of bars , cafés and gourmet restaurants . Buda offers sweeping panoramas . Most visitors are content with the view across to Pest from the Fisherman 's Bastion on Castle Hill and ignore the less accessible Gellért Hill just to the south . More : 11 things to know before visiting Hungary Yet here the ramparts of the old Citadella fortress  Citadella sétány 1 ; +36 1 279-1963 ; free entry  provide equally stunning vistas over the Danube . It 's in the hiking network of the Buda Hills , where city residents come to picnic and ramble through the woods . During weekdays , you can walk for hours without seeing another human being . Kids ' railway Hills hide the Children 's Railway  Szechenyi-hegyi Gyermekvasut ; +36 1 397 5394 ; $ 5.40 adult , $ 2.70 child ; closed Monday  a narrow-gauge line operated entirely by 10-to-14 year olds as ticket sellers , announcers and conductors -- only the drivers are adults . The line runs for 45 minutes through 11 kilometers of forest landscape with seven stops in-between . When night falls , Buda goes to sleep and Pest wakes up . Whether you prefer the opulence of the Opera House , one of Europe 's finest , or the conviviality of the city 's legendary ruin pubs , you want to be on the Pest side of the river after dark . Pest has been a hotbed of Hungarian national pride to counter the Austrian Hapsburg court reigning from Castle Hill . Buda may have the palace , but Pest houses the Hungarian parliament  1-3 Kossuth tér ; +36 1 441 4000 ; daily tours in English April-October , $ 7.80 EU citizens , $ 3.90 others  , a dazzling neo-Gothic building whose superlative interior is more than a match for its exterior . Spa wars Pest is as practical and business-oriented as Buda is aloof and superior . Buda has thermal spas , such as the Gellért or Rudas Baths , built by the old ruling elites . Pest has an open-air people 's pool : the neo-baroque Széchenyi Baths complex where you can still find old men playing chess , half immersed in the water .  See Spasbudapest.com for complete spa information . Pest 's bustle is best reflected in its most well-known shopping artery : Váci utca . It suffered during the Communist era but the street has regained its ritzy reputation . More : 8 must-see Budapest buildings Fittingly , Buda has the Wolf 's Meadow cemetery , where famous Hungarians such as classical composer Béla Bartók and conductor Georg Solti are buried in extravagant tombs . Pest , on the other hand , has the vitality and life force associated with the fiery Magyar temperament -- nowhere more evident than in the former city 's culinary culture . Café cultured In Vörösmarty square you can find one of Europe 's monuments to confectionary brilliance : the café founded by Emil Gerbeaud  Café Gerbeaud , 7-8 Vörösmarty tér , +36 1 429 9000  in 1885 , complete with over-elaborate ceilings and chandeliers . Not far away , the renovated art nouveau decor of the Gerlóczy Café  Gerlóczy u. 1 ; +36 1 501 4000  gives traditional Hungarian dishes a modern makeover . Further out , at the edges of the seventh district , the fin-de-siècle elegance of New York Café  part of the Hotel Boscolo Budapest ; 9-11 Erzsébet körút , +36 1 886 6167  has to be seen to be believed . Some tourists do just that -- constantly snapping diners from the gallery above . "  Visit Buda but stay in Pest " is the advice every Budapest visitor is given . But in fact the once-separate cities have such distinct characters you should spend as much time exploring each . It 's the only way to do them justice . CNN Travel 's series often carry sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Separated by the Danube , Pest and Buda became one city in 1873 Budapest was almost called "  Pestbuda " Hilly Buda has great views ; Pest is flat but buzzing Even the thermal spas on each side have a different vibe
EW.com  -- The final season -- the real final season this time -- of "  The Killing " has a release date . Netflix will unleash the last season of the murky , rainy crime drama on Aug. 1 . The final fourth-season batch is only six episodes , so this is one binge you can easily polish off in a single night . EW : ` The Killing ' shock : Netflix revives twice-canceled show for FINAL season As we 've previously noted , The Killing , which stars Mireille Enos and Joel Kinnaman as Seattle detectives , was AMC 's true zombie show -- a series that was canceled twice and then revived twice . More details about its improbably resurrection . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The series will return August 1 There are only six episodes "  The Killing " has been canceled twice
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan 's Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant experienced full meltdowns at three reactors in the wake of an earthquake and tsunami in March , the country 's Nuclear Emergency Response Headquarters said Monday . The nuclear group 's new evaluation , released Monday , goes further than previous statements in describing the extent of the damage caused by an earthquake and tsunami on March 11 . The announcement will not change plans for how to stabilize the Fukushima Daiichi plant , the agency said . Reactors 1 , 2 and 3 experienced a full meltdown , it said . The plant 's owner , Tokyo Electric Power Co. , admitted last month that nuclear fuel rods in reactors 2 and 3 probably melted during the first week of the nuclear crisis . It had already said fuel rods at the heart of reactor No. 1 melted almost completely in the first 16 hours after the disaster struck . The remnants of that core are now sitting in the bottom of the reactor pressure vessel at the heart of the unit and that vessel is now believed to be leaking . A "  major part " of the fuel rods in reactor No. 2 may have melted and fallen to the bottom of the pressure vessel 101 hours after the earthquake and tsunami that crippled the plant , Tokyo Electric said May 24 . The same thing happened within the first 60 hours at reactor No. 3 , the company said , in what it called its worst-case scenario analysis , saying the fuel would be sitting at the bottom of the pressure vessel in each reactor building . But Tokyo Electric at the same time released a second possible scenario for reactors 2 and 3 , one that estimated a full meltdown did not occur . In that scenario , the company estimated the fuel rods may have broken but may not have completely melted . Temperature data showed the two reactors had cooled substantially in the more than two months since the incident , Tokyo Electric said in May . The earthquake and tsunami knocked out cooling systems at Fukushima Daiichi , causing the three operating reactors to overheat . That compounded a natural disaster by spewing radioactive material into the atmosphere . Tokyo Electric avoided using the term "  meltdown , " and says it was keeping the remnants of the core cool . But U.S. experts interviewed by CNN after the company 's announcement in May said that while it may have been containing the situation , the damage had already been done . "  On the basis of what they showed , if there 's not fuel left in the core , I do n't know what it is other than a complete meltdown , " said Gary Was , a University of Michigan nuclear engineering professor and CNN consultant . And given the damage reported at the other units , "  It 's hard to imagine the scenarios can differ that much for those reactors . " A massive hydrogen explosion -- a symptom of the reactor 's overheating -- blew the roof off the No. 1 unit the day after the earthquake , and another hydrogen blast ripped apart the No. 3 reactor building two days later . A suspected hydrogen detonation within the No. 2 reactor is believed to have damaged that unit on March 15 . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	Japan 's nuclear emergency agency goes further in describing the extent of damage The Fukushima Daiichi plant was badly affected by an earthquake and tsunami in March Tokyo Electric Power Co. has avoided calling the event a meltdown
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The notorious Iraq prison once called Abu Ghraib has reopened under Iraqi government control . And the Ministry of Justice has launched a public-relations campaign to show it has changed since the days when prisoners were tortured there -- first under Saddam Hussein , and later by American troops . The Iraqi Ministry of Justice gave journalists an inside look at the prison formerly known as Abu Ghraib . It is now called Baghdad Central Prison , and has water fountains , a freshly planted garden and a gym -- complete with weights and sports teams ' jerseys on the walls . Under Saddam Hussein , tens of thousands of Iraqis were thrown behind bars here . There were horrific stories of torture , abuse , execution without trial . In 2004 , the prison was once again thrown into the international spotlight , this time because of abuse by U.S. troops . Watch how the prison has been revamped " Detainees were photographed in degrading positions , as Americans posed next to them smiling . The images -- naked prisoners stacked on top of each other , or being threatened by dogs , or hooded and wired up as if for electrocution -- caused outrage around the world when they were leaked to the news media in May 2004 . Brig. Gen. Janis Karpinski , commander of the Abu Ghraib prison at the time , was demoted in rank to colonel because of the scandal . Seven low-ranking guards and two military intelligence soldiers -- described by then-U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld as "  bad apples " -- were disciplined after the scandal surfaced . Rumsfeld later said the day the scandal broke was the worst in his tenure as defense secretary . "  Clearly the worst day was Abu Ghraib , and seeing what went on there and feeling so deeply sorry that that happened , " Rumsfeld said shortly before leaving office at the end of 2006 . "  I remember being stunned by the news of the abuse . " The United States always denied it was a matter of policy to torture detainees . But it shut down Abu Ghraib in September 2006 and turned the facility over to the Iraqis . They have revamped and reopened it . Rooms have been transformed and renovated . CNN was told , but not shown , that a few hundred prisoners are here already , in a revamped part of the facility that can hold up to 3,000 prisoners . The capacity is critical to help deal with overcrowding at Iraq 's other facilities and the potential security threat . The Iraqi government is going to great lengths to try to change the image this facility has . It organized a tour for journalists , very carefully orchestrated by the Ministry of Justice . Murtada Sharif , the only Ministry of Justice official to speak to CNN on camera about the prison , admitted Abu Ghraib is synonymous in people 's minds with the inhumane acts that took place there both before and after the fall of Saddam in 2003 . "  We want to change its image , to make it a place of justice , " he said . A wing that used to hold a thousand prisoners In Saddam Hussein 's time now is ready for 160 . Cells that used to hold between 30 and 50 people now have a capacity of eight . Prisoners and their families actually get to see each other -- the prisoners behind a cage-like structure , the families on the other side of the fence , in a courtyard with a playground for the children . Again , it is part of the whole effort to create a different atmosphere . But human rights organizations in Iraq say abuse and torture remain routine in Iraq 's detention facilities . Changing Abu Ghraib 's infamous reputation may take more than fresh paint and fake flowers .	Abu Ghraib is now Baghdad Central Prison , with a garden and a gym In 2004 , photos of prisoners being humiliated by American guards were published Ministry of Justice trying to show that the prison , now under Iraqi control , has changed
CNN  -- With the Supreme Court set to hear oral arguments about the constitutionality of the President Obama 's health care law , more patients than ever have been asking for my thoughts about health reform . I practice primary care in southern New Hampshire near the Massachusetts border , which gives me a firsthand look at how health reform has impacted my neighboring state . Despite flaws with the Massachusetts approach , and the president 's Affordable Care Act which is modeled after it , I believe that health care reform needs to move forward . Read a transcript of Monday 's court arguments Over the years , I have encountered too many cases of patients who are inadequately served by our current health care model . Some of their stories are heartbreaking , others are deeply worrisome . Some time ago , I had one middle-aged patient with diabetes , whom I 'll call Mark , requiring high doses of insulin to control his blood sugar . He faithfully saw me every three months , where I made careful insulin adjustments so his sugars would n't go too high or low . But all of a sudden , he stopped coming . I did n't hear from him until a year later , when I received a call from the emergency department telling me Mark was found in a coma because of a critically high sugar level . Thankfully , he survived his hospital stay , and when he came for a visit afterward he explained how he had lost his job , and thus , his health insurance . He could n't afford to see me or buy his medication . According to the 2010 Commonwealth Fund survey , 72 % of jobless Americans said they could n't afford to fill a prescription or obtain needed medical tests . Worse , 40 % said that medical bills forced them into difficult financial decisions , such as depleting their savings , or being unable to pay for necessities like food , heat or rent . These are choices patients should never be forced to make . But it 's not only patients without insurance who suffer . Others are in a situation like another patient of mine , whom I 'll call Linda . She recently told me that her sister was diagnosed with colon cancer , a disease with a strong genetic component . I recommended that Linda have a colonoscopy . Unfortunately , her health insurance plan had a deductible in the thousands of dollars , making a colonoscopy prohibitively expensive . Last year , a study from the RAND Corporation , a nonprofit , nonpartisan research organization , found that families enrolled in high-deductible plans like Linda 's cut back on health care that was clearly beneficial , like cervical cancer , breast cancer and colon cancer screening . According to the study , "  these cutbacks could cause a spike in health care costs down the road if people end up sicker and need more intensive treatment . " The Affordable Care Act would help patients like Mark , by providing him a way to obtain affordable health insurance regardless of his job status . Beginning in 2014 , health reform would expand the eligibility of Medicaid and provide federal tax credits to help buy private insurance . On average , 17 % of the nonelderly population nationwide would be helped , with numbers as high as 36 to 40 % in parts of Florida , New Mexico , Texas , Louisiana and California . And for patients like Linda , health reform would prohibit cost sharing for many preventive screening tests , including colonoscopies . My support of the Affordable Care Act is tempered , however , by a serious flaw : Its benefits can not be fully realized without a strong primary care foundation . In the United States , the number of specialists to primary care doctors is about 70-30 , a ratio that 's reversed in the rest of the world . That primary care deficit is a far bigger threat to health reform than if the Supreme Court were to rule President Obama 's law unconstitutional . Having health insurance does n't necessarily mean that you 'll be able to see a doctor . In Massachusetts , more than 95 % of residents have health insurance , the highest in the country . However , a 2011 Massachusetts Medical Society survey found that more than half of primary care doctors were not accepting new patients , while the average wait time for an appointment exceeded one month . When you consider that health coverage will expand to 32 million Americans in 2014 , whether our strained primary care system can handle that burden is a serious question . An inability to see a primary care provider will force patients to already crowded emergency departments , where health care is often the most expensive . The Affordable Care Act does n't do nearly enough to make primary care enticing , despite the anticipated shortfall of primary care providers approaching 30,000 by 2015 . Medical students , concerned by their average school debt approaching $ 160,000 , often eschew primary care in favor higher paying specialties . And the bureaucratic burdens of primary care , including paperwork and spending time on the telephone refuting insurance company denials , are overwhelming . According to an Annals of Internal Medicine study , 30 % of primary care doctors considered leaving the field entirely , citing burnout , time pressures and administrative hassles . These concerns , however , should n't stall health reform . Instead , they need to be addressed as the Affordable Care Act is modified and improved on in the coming years . Far too many patients can no longer afford to obtain basic care . It 's their stories that have made me realize we desperately need to fix our broken health care system , and accept health reform despite its shortcomings . We can not let the pursuit of perfection become the enemy of doing the right thing . Patients like Mark and Linda need help now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kevin Pho .	Supreme Court will hear arguments about the constitutionality of the health care law Kevin Pho : Despite flaws , we should go forward with the Affordable Care Act He says current health care system does not adequately address needs of patients Pho : health reform is necessary , but we also need a strong primary care foundation
CNN  -- There has been much controversy about the two-game suspension the NFL handed down in July to Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice . Rice was caught on a security camera in February pulling his fiancÃ © e , Janay Palmer  now his wife , Janay Rice  , unconscious from an elevator . He was charged with aggravated assault . That 's right , two games . I have something to say to NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell . Dear Roger , We thought you really cared . We believed you when you said you wanted to create a more welcoming NFL game for women . And all of us were touched by the compassion you showed with your Breast Cancer Awareness campaign , even though those hot pink cleats disturbingly clashed with every NFL uniform . Mr. Commissioner , you even talked endlessly about making NFL stadiums around the nation more family-friendly . And despite all the disturbing medical reports of NFL players with life-threatening concussions , you have worked tirelessly to try to convince us moms that the game remains safe for our precious sons .  I forgave you for stretching the truth past all the medical evidence on that one .  And still , we thought : Now that man really cares . What a guy . We repaid your good deeds by watching the games in record numbers , helping the league boost its television ratings . We even started turning up at stadiums around the nation and buying all those form-fitting team-branded outfits now made for women . The NFL reported earnings of more than $ 9 billion last year , thanks in large part to women , who make up nearly 45 % of the league 's fan base . So , knowing you as we do , there was no doubt that you 'd send down the harshest penalty possible for Baltimore Ravens running back Ray Rice after he was caught on camera dragging his then-fiancee , Janay , like a rag doll out of the elevator . Surely , you , like all the rest of us , must have been appalled by Rice 's actions . Roger will handle it , we thought . No way the commissioner who prides himself on being tough on players who step out of line will let this atrocious behavior go unpunished . What fools we have been . A two-game suspension ? You repay our loyalty with an insult ? And you expect us to accept that -- to keep on supporting your game ? Not happening here . You 've shown us your true face . And sadly , you , Mr. Commissioner are a fake , a fraud , a liar . Turns out you never really cared about women at all . Where is the indignation and outrage you showed the world when handing down the indefinite suspension for NFL quarterback Michael Vick in 2007 after he admitted his role in a dogfighting ring ? "  Your admitted conduct is not only illegal , but also cruel and reprehensible . ... Your team , fans and the NFL have all been hurt by your actions , " you wrote to Vick in a formal letter from the league . "  Your career , freedom and your public standing are now in the most serious jeopardy . I hope that you will be able to learn from this difficult experience and emerge from it better prepared to act responsibly and to make the kinds of choices that are expected of a conscientious and law-abiding citizen . " By your lights , it sounds like dogs are more important than women . Or perhaps you subscribe to the philosophy of my misguided colleague , sports commentator Stephen A. Smith , who raised the issue of whether Rice 's wife somehow brought an "  element of provocation " into the situation . Rightfully , Smith was suspended for a week by ESPN . But at least he has faced his critics . You , Mr. Goodell , were hiding out in your NFL ivory tower until you were forced to face the league 's female fans and try to defend the indefensible . It 's good to know where we stand with you now , Roger . We should have known that you were just stringing us along . Saying all the right words . Sadly , we love this game so much it was easy to look the other way . Easy to believe . But you 've gone too far . It 's time for us to fight back . I 'm declaring week three , Sunday , September 21 , 1:00 p.m. an NFL blackout day in my house . That 's the game when Rice is scheduled to return to the field after serving his paltry suspension . And I 'm urging every woman I know to do the same . The blackout continues until we hear your apology . You do n't take 45 % of your customers for granted . Because , in case you did n't know , Roger , without women watching the NFL , you lose . And we are keeping score .	Roxanne Jones : Goodell , NFL commissioner , talked good line on NFL welcoming female fans She says women 45 % of league base ; might have expected harsh penalty for Ray Rice But he got light slap . Michael Vick , of dogfighting notoriety , had harsh punishment , she says Jones : Goodell shows what he thinks of women . She urges NFL blackout when Rice returns
CNN  Novak Djokovic led Serbia to the quarterfinals of the Davis Cup World Group after answering a late call to play in Saturday 's last 16 doubles victory over neighbor and rival Croatia . Teammate Viktor Troicki had been due to play in the doubles rubber alongside Nenad Zimonjic , but a draining five-set singles match with Croatian teen starlet Borna Coric on Friday convinced Serbia coach Bogdan Obradovic to draft in the fresher Djokovic . It was an inspired choice . The Serbian pair took less than two hours to defeat Franko Skugor and Marin Draganja 6-3 , 6-4 , 6-1 , securing an unassailable 3-0 aggregate lead in the best of five tie after singles wins for Djokovic and Troicki over their Croatian opponents Friday . "  We wanted to finish the job today , to take advantage of the fact that we won the first singles and that was done , " Djokovic said in quotes carried by the AFP news agency after the match . The World No 1 . singles player has looked strong all week after losing in straight sets to Roger Federer at the final of the Dubai Tennis Championships seven days ago . He was cheered on by a packed and passionate home crowd at the Kraljevo Sports Center . Serbia has won the Davis Cup once before , in 2010 when it defeated Croatia on the way to the final . France marches on In the day 's other Davis Cup ties , France secured a last 16 slot for the sixth consecutive year . Julien Benneteau and Nicolas Mahut 's comfortable doubles victory over Germany 's Benjamin Becker and Andre Begemann pushed the French over the line 3-0 . The Bryan brothers fought back to secure doubles victory for the U.S. over Great Britain in Glasgow , reducing the 2-0 deficit built up by singles victories from Andy Murray and James Ward Friday . Meanwhile , defending champions Switzerland , playing without Roger Federer or Stan Wawrinka , are on the brink after falling 2-1 behind Belgium as Michael Lammer and Adrien Bossel lost 1-6 6-3 6-2 6-2 to Ruben Bemelmans and Adrien Bossel .	Novak Djokovic answers late call to help Serbia to Davis Cup victory over Croatia France through to last 16 but Great Britain made to wait Reigning champions Switzerland on brink after doubles loss against Belgium
CNN  -- Like every political animal , I will be paying close attention to U.S. Senate elections this Tuesday because they will tell us a lot about the next two years . But I will also have a special eye on a few particular races that may tell us more about our long-term future . Whether we can lift our national politics out of the ditch increasingly depends on whether we can transform our political culture , electing more candidates who want to restore old-fashioned standards of civility , bipartisan respect and putting country first . Sadly , the generation of politicians now in power -- baby boomers for the most part -- are so divided by ideology and a poisonous partisanship that they have lost their way . And the vast majority of Americans are turned off . A CNN poll this past week found that over 60 % of Americans are now angry about politics ; other surveys show that 9 out of 10 Americans think we have a crisis in leadership . A Harvard Institute of Politics survey out this week finds that young people -- once the optimists in a pessimistic country -- are now as distrustful of our national leadership as everyone else . Perhaps in elections this year and in 2016 , leaders will emerge from the baby boom generation who can get us back on track . I sure hope so . But given the track record so far , we also have to start looking and nurturing a new wave of leaders who will bring fresh perspectives and fresh idealism to politics . That 's why I will be watching two races in Massachusetts and Georgia so closely Tuesday night . In each , there are candidates who could be on the cutting edge of a new politics . In both cases , they come out of the national service movement -- rising leaders who are promoting an ethic of voluntary service by every young person . One candidate comes out of military service , the other out of civic service here at home . In both we see qualities sorely missing in our national debates -- humility and a deep sense of nonpartisan duty . Full disclosure : I have known and been a mentor to one of them , Seth Moulton , for nearly 15 years ; I am actively supporting him now . For Seth , the call to service came from the U.S. Marine Corps , where he signed up as an infantry officer -- "  it 's a good way to give back , " he told me , "  and very good leadership training . " As America went to war in the Middle East , off he went with his troops on the first wave into Iraq  an invasion he disagreed with  . Then a second and third tours , all in danger zones . Thankfully , he came home safely and was preparing to pursue concurrent degrees at the Harvard Business School and Kennedy School . His days in uniform seemed over . But Gen. David Petraeus was then named commander of all forces in Iraq and appealed to him to put his uniform back on : he wanted Seth for the surge . Off he went to a fourth tour -- not in the safety of the Green Zone but south of Baghdad amid more danger . Moulton did eventually come home and earned those two additional Harvard degrees . Investment banks tried to recruit him after business school ; he went instead to a start-up in Texas trying to build high-speed rail between Dallas and Houston . Then calls started up from Democrats , asking him to run for Congress back home on the North Shore of Massachusetts against an incumbent Democrat dogged by controversies . He took up the challenge and against all odds -- he started with virtually no name recognition and no money -- he won a huge upset victory this September . No one had unseated a Democratic incumbent in Massachusetts for more than 20 years . He is now locked in what may be a very close race this Tuesday -- Republicans have poured in buckets full of money in closing days . But out of the blue , the Boston Globe broke a story that has everyone buzzing : the Globe had repeatedly demanded copies of his military record from his campaign to see if he had been lying about his service , as so many other candidates have . Finally , the paper forced the campaign to fork over the records : lo and behold it turned out Moulton had downplayed his record , never telling voters he had won two military medals for heroism . He had n't even told his parents ! Marines do n't like to brag , he said . Is that the hint of a new chapter opening in American politics ? One can only wish . Meanwhile , another worthy candidate from the national service movement has come from behind and is now in a thriller in Georgia , facing a strong Republican in a red state . Michelle Nunn is widely known in Georgia as the daughter of the venerable former senator , Sam Nunn . That has certainly helped her . But to those who have worked in the trenches trying to extend a helping hand to the millions who need it , Michelle Nunn has earned a reputation as one of the best non-profit leaders in the country . She started a community volunteerism organization called Hands On Atlanta , grew it until it became the national Hands On Network and then merged with an organization created by President George H.W. Bush , becoming CEO of the new Points of Light Foundation . For those in the national service movement , Michelle 's election would be a huge breakthrough : social entrepreneurs -- so crucial to bringing energy and innovation to solve pressing social issues -- would finally have a champion from within their ranks in the halls of national power . In these two cases , the candidates who represent a new wave of leaders happen to be Democrats . Fortunately , there are also stirrings among very promising Republicans as well . Keep your eye out for Eric Greitens , for example : he is the rising star who studied philosophy in college , became an amateur boxer , won a Rhodes scholarship , worked with war refugees in Bosnia and Rowanda , served tours overseas as a Navy SEAL and built a deeply impactful organization for wounded veterans , The Mission Continues  Disclosure : I am on his board  . Republicans are urging him to run for statewide office in his native Missouri -- and I hope he does . To their credit , there are some individuals and political organizations stepping up to identify and support other candidates who promise to bring a new , more bipartisan spirit to politics . Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has selected a formidable list of moderates he is supporting in this cycle through large TV ad buys totaling tens of millions of dollars . Harvard Law professor Lawrence Lessig and Republican strategist Mark McKinnon have crowd-raised over $ 10 million to support candidates open to reforming campaign finance laws . And several smaller organizations are helping to encourage civilian and military service alumni to run for office . So far , of course , the number of new generation candidates elected to office remains small . Yet , we can already see their good works in a couple of states : Louisiana and Colorado . In both , alumni of Teach for America -- Kira Orange Jones and Mike Johnston , respectively -- ran as education reformers within the states and have delivered impressive results . The takeaway is this : Our politics are broken and they have been for years . No matter which party wins the Senate this Tuesday , the next few years could be as stagnant as the last . Even as we put pressure on Washington to change -- and change soon -- wisdom says we must also persuade and inspire a new generation of servant leaders to step forward . Fortunately , they are out there in growing numbers among social entrepreneurs , veterans and others , eager to change the country . This coming Tuesday voters can sign up two of the best for national duty .	David Gergen : American politics needs new perspectives and a new generation of leaders Two candidates epitomize the new style of leadership aiming to solve problems , he says Gergen : Can we transform our political culture and lift America out of the ditch ?
CNN  -- Abdul Aziz believes he was standing right next to a shooter Sunday when gunmen opened fire at a Mother 's Day parade in New Orleans , injuring 19 people . "  Everyone around me , except me , was shot , " he said . "  I was pretty fortunate to get away . " Aziz , 33 , a photojournalist , was at the second-line parade when gunfire broke out at the corner of Frenchman Street and North Villere Street . Second-line parades , which involve dancing and brass bands , are a New Orleans tradition . They happen most every Sunday , except during the hottest months in summer , according to Aziz . "  We turned off of a main thoroughfare to a smaller residential street , and that 's when the shots rang out . I was standing , I believe , right next to the shooter . I saw muzzle flash , but unfortunately I did n't get a chance to see who the shooter was , " he said . People panicked and ran . Aziz , who has worked in the Middle East , started taking pictures . He sent those images to CNN iReport . "  It 's a little jarring when you see these types of things on the home front , " he said . "  I 'm sad . I love this city . We 're plagued by crime , and it 's just not getting better no matter what we do . " According to police , 19 people were injured in the shooting , including two children . Ten men and seven women were among the victims . The children suffered graze wounds . Other injuries ranged from minor to severe . Shots were fired from different guns , and officers saw three suspects running from the scene , police said . One of the suspects was described as an African-American male , approximately 18 to 22 years old , wearing a white T-shirt and blue jean shorts . No one is in custody . "  This is an extremely unusual occurrence , and we 're confident that we will make swift arrests , " said Remi Braden , a police spokeswoman . Police Superintendent Ronal Serpas told CNN affiliate WVUE that it appears "  two or three people just , for a reason unknown to us , started shooting at , towards , or in the crowd . " He asked anyone with information to call authorities . New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu echoed that request , challenging the community to get involved . "  It 's important for us , as I have said , to change the culture of death on the streets of New Orleans to a culture of life , and it 's going to take an all-hands-on-deck approach , " he said . "  These kinds of incidents are not going to go unanswered . We 're going to be very , very aggressive . There were hundreds of people out there today , so somebody knows who did this . " CNN 's Jennifer Moore , Janet DiGiacomo and Jareen Imam contributed to this report .	"  These kinds of incidents are not going to go unanswered , " the mayor says Officers saw three suspects running from the scene Two children are among the victims "  Everyone around me , except me , was shot , " says a CNN iReporter
CNN  -- They met and fell head over heels at the Taj Mahal , that iconic monument to love . She , an American tourist . He , an Indian rickshaw driver . But theirs was n't to be the kind of romance that Bollywood endings are made of . Their marriage soon soured . And Bunty Sharma stabbed his wife , Erin Willinger , to death before blowing himself up in his home . Willinger , 35 , of Pennsylvania first visited the northern Indian city of Agra in September to see the Taj Mahal , the white marble mausoleum that a grief-stricken emperor had erected for his wife who died during childbirth . There , Willinger met Sharma , a 32-year-old who made a living driving an autorickshaw , those three-wheeled green and yellow cabs . They married in a local court , Agra 's police chief Shalabh Mathur told CNN . But their marriage soon headed into trouble and the couple started living separately over "  differences " in their relationship , Mathur said . "  Both had allegations against each other , " the police chief said , without elaborating . But the Indian Express newspaper reported that Sharma accused his wife of smoking too much and "  talking to other men . " The couple separated but were not legally divorced , Mathur said . On February 20 , Willinger met Sharma again -- but police were n't clear why . Police said he drove her to a secluded spot in Agra and fatally stabbed her . He then went home and killed himself by igniting a gas canister in his kitchen that caused his house to explode . "  We offer our condolences to her family and loved ones on their loss , " said Lee McManis , spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi . " We are in contact with her family and are providing all appropriate consular assistance . Out of respect for the privacy of those affected , we decline further comment . " Florida man kills wife and son with crossbow , then slits throat Did newlywed blindfold husband before pushing him off cliff ?	The marriage soon soured Report : Sharma accused Willinger of "  talking to other men " He died in a house explosion that he caused
CNN  -- A man who faked his drowning death nearly 20 years ago off a Florida beach was found out by North Carolina police who stopped him for a traffic violation , authorities said Thursday . Bennie Wint told police he faked his drowning death in Daytona Beach , Florida , in 1989 . Bennie Wint left behind a grieving fiancee and a daughter from a previous marriage . Over the past two decades , he acquired a common-law wife and another child in Marshall , North Carolina . Wint told police he faked his death in Daytona Beach , Florida , because he was "  paranoid " about his narcotics-related activity at the time , Weaverville , North Carolina , police Sgt. Stacy Wyatt told CNN . When pulled over in Weaverville on Saturday because of malfunctioning lights on his license plate , the man said his name was James Sweet , Wyatt said . But when Wyatt ran the name through official databases , he was unable to find any information . "  I found it suspicious and believed it to be a false name , " Wyatt said . He arrested the man on suspicion of driving without a license and giving false information , both misdemeanor offenses , and booked him under the name "  John Doe . " But "  John Doe " finally opened up to Wyatt , admitting he was really Bennie Wint and had been on the run since 1989 . Watch how reports of his death were premature " Wint returned a call Thursday from CNN and asked what an interview with him would be "  worth to you . " Told that CNN does not pay for interviews , he responded , "  Unless you want to pay for it , do n't come up here . You are wasting your time . There are ` no trespassing ' signs on my property . " He then hung up . According to police reports , Wint was on a trip to Daytona Beach with his then-fiancee , Patricia Hollingsworth . She told police they were engaged and had discussed getting married while on the trip . But it was not to be . On September 25 , 1989 , Hollingsworth told beach patrol officials that Wint disappeared while swimming . "  We spent a bunch of time looking for him , " said Volusia County Beach Patrol Capt. Scott Petersohn , who was on the beach patrol at the time , although he did not respond to the call . "  We used helicopters , boats and boatloads of lifeguards . " Hollingsworth , then 37 , told officials Wint entered the ocean about 4 p.m. and swam past the breakers before she lost sight of him , according to the incident report . The report notes Hollingsworth was "  very upset " and that after contacting officials , she "  began to run north and south in the area , " looking for Wint . Members of the beach patrol , however , thought the supposed drowning was suspicious . "  It is very rare to drown offshore and not wash back in onto the shore , " Petersohn said . In addition , he said , the lifeguard on the beach told officials he did not see anyone swimming in the area . Wyatt submitted Wint 's fingerprints to the FBI for identification and , while waiting for the results , searched the Internet for information on a Bennie Wint . "  I found a daughter that was looking for him , " Wyatt said . The woman posted information about her father in 2007 , saying he went missing under suspicious circumstances . Wyatt contacted the now-23-year-old woman , who said she was 4 when her father disappeared . Wint has been released from jail and has not been charged in relation to the 1989 incident . It was not known whether he contacted his daughter . Wyatt said Wint now has a common-law wife , a child and a business selling NASCAR items . The night he was arrested , Wyatt said , his wife was "  distraught " upon learning his true identity . Wyatt said Wint told him he was involved in narcotics in the 1970s and '80s , and "  he ran out of paranoia , thinking people were out to get him . " He said he went from Daytona Beach to Ozark , Alabama . CNN 's attempts to contact Hollingsworth were unsuccessful , and it was unclear whether she knows Wint is alive . Petersohn said he is attempting to find the lifeguard on duty at Daytona Beach the day Wint disappeared to tell him the truth about the supposed drowning . "  For 20 years , that man that works for us thinks he might have missed something in the ocean , " Petersohn said . "  I 'm glad the guy 's alive . I really am . ... It 's unfortunate the way it went down at the time , people looking for a body that was n't out there . "	North Carolina officer did n't believe man 's story during traffic stop He could n't find name man that gave in police database Eventually , "  James Sweet " confessed he was Bennie Wint Wint was reported missing off Daytona Beach , Florida , in September 1989
Baghdad  CNN  -- At least 17 people died Tuesday when two car bombs exploded in central Baghdad , police in the Iraqi capital said . One of the blasts occurred near the emergency police department headquarters in al-Andalus Square , and seven police officers were among the dead . Another blast occurred minutes later outside an Iraqi passport office two kilometers  slightly more than a mile  away . At least 110 people , including 21 police officers , were wounded in the two explosions , which occurred in separate locations in central Baghdad 's Karrada district , police said . The area is a predominantly Shiite district and busy shopping area . After the bombings , three people authorities described as suicide bombers went into a building near the police department that houses a federal security unit , the major crimes directorate . Security forces shot and killed one of the suspects . Another blew himself up and gunfire was heard after the explosion . The third person was inside the building and forces searching for the person sealed off the area . Police say they believe the three were planning to break into a detention center to free people affiliated with the al Qaeda in Iraq militant group . In the northern city of Mosul , gunmen barged into the house of a TV journalist , killing him and wounding his family members , police said . He was identified as Ghazwan Anas , 29 , a presenter for Sama al-Mosul Satellite Television . The incident occurred as the family was eating after ending their Ramadan fast . No immediate motive was known , and police are investigating . Opinion : Violence in Iraq ? It 's the politics , stupid ! At least 103 people were killed on July 23 in coordinated attacks across the country , the deadliest day in Iraq this year . Violence has dropped dramatically in Iraq since the peak of Sunni-Shiite clashes in 2006 and 2007 and the withdrawal of U.S. troops from the country in December . But insurgent attacks against civilians and security forces persist in the country , still smoldering with sectarian tension and political infighting . Opinion : It 's up to Iraq 's government to prevent a civil war	NEW : At least 110 are wounded in bombings , police say Police officers were among the casualties Attacks come a week after the deadliest day this year in Iraq Three people stage assault in another building
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A man using a metal detector in a rural English field has uncovered the largest Anglo-Saxon gold hoard ever found -- an "  unprecedented " treasure that sheds new light on history , archaeologists said Thursday . A gold strip with a Biblical inscription was among the 1,500 pieces unearthed in an English field . The hoard includes 5 kilograms  11 pounds  of gold and 2.5 kilograms  5.5 pounds  of silver . That is more than three times the amount of gold found at Sutton Hoo , one of Britain 's most important Anglo-Saxon sites , said the local council in Staffordshire where the latest haul was found . It 's an "  incredible collection of material -- absolutely unprecedented , " said Kevin Leahy , an archaeologist with the Portable Antiquities Scheme , a voluntary group that records finds made by members of the public . "  We 've moved into new ground with this material . " Because the find is so large and important , experts have n't been able to say yet how much it is worth . They hope to make a valuation within 13 months , Staffordshire Council said . Watch report on discovered treasure " The hoard was discovered in July by Englishman Terry Herbert , who was using a metal detector he bought more than a decade ago in a jumble sale for only a few pounds  dollars  . He belongs to a local metal detecting club in Staffordshire and was just out enjoying his hobby when he made the find . There was so much gold at the site that Herbert said he was soon seeing it in his sleep . "  Imagine you 're at home and somebody just keeps putting money through your letterbox . That 's what it was like , " Herbert told Britain 's Press Association . "  As soon as I closed my eyes I saw gold patterns . I did n't think it was ever going to end . " Herbert found 500 items before he called in experts , who then found a further 800 articles in the soil . Officials are n't saying exactly where the gold was found , other than to say it was in Staffordshire , in north-central England . "  Pieces were just literally sat at the top of the soil , at the grass , " said Ian Wykes , of the county council . He said the hoard had been unearthed by recent plowing . Most of the pieces appear to date from the 7th century , though experts ca n't agree on when the hoard first entered the ground , Staffordshire Council said . The pieces are almost all war gear , Leahy said . There are very few dress fittings and no feminine dress fittings ; there are only two gold buckles , and they were probably used for harness armor , he said . Sword hilt fittings and pieces of helmets , all elaborately decorated , are among the more remarkable finds . "  The quantity of gold is amazing but , more importantly , the craftsmanship is consummate , " Leahy said . "  This was the very best that the Anglo-Saxon metalworkers could do , and they were very good . Tiny garnets were cut to shape and set in a mass of cells to give a rich , glowing effect ; it is stunning . " The items belonged to the elite -- aristocracy or royalty , he said , though it 's not clear who the original or final owners were , why they buried it , or when . "  It looks like a collection of trophies , but it is impossible to say if the hoard was the spoils from a single battle or a long and highly successful military career , " he said . More work will help determine how the hoard came to be buried in the field , Leahy said . Many of the objects are inlaid with garnets , which Leahy called "  stunning " and "  as good as it gets . " The filigree on the items is "  incredible , " he said . Some are decorated in an Anglo-Saxon style consisting of strange animals intertwined with each other . That decoration appears on what is believed to be the cheek-piece of a helmet , decorated with a frieze of running , interlaced animals . A strip of gold bearing a Biblical inscription in Latin is one of the most significant and controversial finds , Staffordshire Council said . One expert believes the lettering dates from the 7th or early 8th centuries , but another is sure it dates from the 8th or 9th centuries . The inscription , misspelled in places , is probably from the Book of Numbers and reads : "  Surge domine et dissipentur inimici tui et fugiant qui oderunt te a facie tua , " or "  Rise up , o Lord , and may thy enemies be dispersed , and let them that hate thee , flee from before thy face . " Regardless of the exact date , the hoard is certainly from a period of great turmoil , when kingdoms with tribal loyalties battled each other in a state of perpetual warfare , experts say . The land was also split along religious lines . Christianity was the principal religion , having gained ground at the expense of local pagan forms of worship , experts said . At least two crosses are among the items in the hoard . The largest is intact , though it has been folded , possibly to make it fit into a small space prior to burial , Staffordshire Council said . The folding may mean it was buried by pagans who had little respect for the Christian symbol , but it may have also been done by Christians who had taken it from someone else 's shrine , experts said . The hoard will likely help rewrite history , experts said . "  Earlier finds will be looked at in the context of what we find amongst this mass of material , " Leahy said . Said Leslie Webster , the former keeper of the Department of Prehistory and Europe at the British Museum , "  This is going to alter our perceptions of Anglo-Saxon England . " Excavation of the field where the hoard was found is now complete , and all items that were found are being held at the Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery . The most important objects will go on exhibit from Friday until October 13 , after which they will go to the British Museum in London for valuation . Once the items have been valued , Staffordshire Council said it hopes a selection of the pieces can go on temporary display at the Potteries Museum and Art Gallery in Stoke-on-Trent . Once the hoard is sold , the market value of the find will go to Herbert and the owner of the field where the hoard was discovered . The pair have agreed to split the amount .	Amateur metal detectorist found treasure in a field in Staffordshire , England Hoard described as the largest ever found , including more than 1,500 pieces Value of find said to be "  priceless , " team to assess collection over next year Hoard includes five kilograms of gold , 2.5 kilograms of silver , jeweled items
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- As oil again again flows freely , crews are working around the clock to replace a containment cap on the ruptured underwater well in the Gulf of Mexico , BP said Saturday . The company hopes to install a better-fitting one in the coming days , BP senior Vice President Kent Wells said . "  We 're on plan , " he said hours after the old cap was removed . Live video showed robots in the process of removing six bolts from the apparatus so that the new cap can be positioned . The bolts may all be removed by Sunday . The old cap had been diverting about 15,000 barrels a day  630,000 gallons  to a ship . BP still is recovering an additional 8,000 to 9,000 barrels a day  336,000 to 378,000 gallons  through a line connected to another vessel , the Q4000 . Wells said the sealing cap operation is expected to take four to seven days , with favorable weather helping the process along . In upcoming weeks , there will be an increase in the current oil containment work . A fleet of skimmers will help recover the oil now making its way to the surface . "  As we start to ramp up the additional containment capacity , we should see less and less flow , " Wells said . Wells said crews are in the final stages of hooking up the Helix Producer , another oil recovery vessel , to the well . The vessel is expected to begin collecting oil by Sunday and officials hope to reach full collection capacity of 20,000 to 25,000 barrels  840,000 to 1.5 million gallons  per day within three days . "  We 're in the final stages in doing the pressure testing " on the Helix Producer , Wells said . If successful , the effects of the containment cap operation could halt the oil gusher that started April 20 after a deadly explosion on the Deepwater Horizon rig in the Gulf of Mexico . Officials have said such a fix would be temporary , and the permanent solution would still be completion of a relief well . There are two relief wells under construction , with one expected to be completed in August . One could intercept the leaking well as early as the end of July . Over the next two to three weeks , 60,000 to 80,000 barrels  2.52 million to 3.36 million gallons  a day should be contained , Wells said . Scientists estimate that 35,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil are spewing daily from BP 's breached Macondo well . The company also says the sealing cap work "  is intended to run in parallel with the installation and start-up of the Helix Producer . " BP says there will be a period of decreased oil and gas capture from the wellhead during the cap replacement . It said another recovery vessel , the Q4000 , "  should continue to capture and flare oil and gas . " There will be other recovery vessels and skimmers deployed . "  This can be done very effectively , " Wells said . Wells also said there will be "  significant measurement capability " added to the new cap so officials can get a good idea of the flow rate . BP said in a statement that the new cap "  should improve containment efficiency during hurricane season by allowing shorter disconnect and reconnect times . " Wells echoed much of what retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen said Friday . Allen said he approved the cap-switch plan in order to take advantage of favorable weather predicted for coming days and because , once the switch is complete , the resulting capacity to contain oil "  will be far greater than the capabilities we have achieved using current systems . " Allen stressed that once the capping device is on , "  we would get the most accurate flow rate to date , " he said . Meanwhile , Allen on Saturday announced that Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft is scheduled to relieve Rear Adm. James Watson as the federal on-scene coordinator Monday . Zukunft , who has been in the region for several weeks overseeing strategic planning , is the Coast Guard 's assistant commandant for marine safety , security and stewardship . Watson will return to his previous duties . CNN 's Sanjay Gupta , Vivian Kuo and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report	NEW : Replacement process is "  on plan , " BP official says Old containment cap removed from Gulf well Switch will take 4 to 7 days during which oil will flow unimpeded Vessel may start picking up oil Sunday
GDANSK , Poland  CNN  -- At least 20 world leaders gathered Tuesday in Poland to commemorate the start of World War II 70 years ago -- a conflict in which 6 million Poles died . Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin  right  chats with his Polish counterpart Donald Tusk in Poland on Tuesday . Germany 's pre-dawn invasion began when the battleship Schleswig-Holstein fired on the Westerplatte military base in Gdansk harbor on September 1 , 1939 . The attack set off a chain of events that eventually embroiled all of the world 's major powers in the war . Polish World War II veteran Romuald Bardzynski , said : "  I was a soldier on the front , a corporal in the cavalry . On September 16 I was injured . We were fighting against the Germans but I was shot by the Soviets . I was wounded three times . "  But the worst thing for me is the land in eastern Poland which was occupied by the Soviets ... and to this day we can not come to terms with it . "  The Russians took half of Poland , and after the Polish fighting on all the world war fronts it turns out that after the war Poland was 77 sq km smaller ! This was a great loss for us . " Eugeniusz Cydzik , another Polish veteran , added : "  We have to talk about what happened ... to make sure it does n't happen again . "  The young generations , like the boy scouts for example , are continuing the memory of those who perished . We take them to the sites of the battles . We even found munitions from the 1914 -LSB- war -RSB- . " WWII lasted until September 2 , 1945 when Germany 's ally Japan signed an unconditional surrender . Leaders from many of the warring nations were in Gdansk on Tuesday for a wreath-laying ceremony at the Cemetery of Defenders at Westerplatte , with commemoration speeches to take place in front of the Westerplatte memorial . Among those attending were German Chancellor Angela Merkel and Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin -- leaders of the two nations that once held power over Poland . Merkel said on Tuesday that her country unleashed "  endless suffering " by starting the war , but also recalled the fate of ethnic Germans expelled at the end of the conflict . Watch as Poland marks start of WWII " "  Germany attacked Poland , Germany started World War II . We caused unending suffering in the world . Sixty million dead ... was the result , " Merkel said on German television , according to Agence-France Presse . Send us your World War II stories "  But the expulsion of well over 12 million people from areas of the former Germany and present-day Poland is of course an injustice . This must also be recognized , " she said . Poland first came under German influence at the start of the war , but was later dominated for about 40 years by the Russian-led Soviet Union as the Cold War between East and West settled in after World War II . A dwindling group of veterans , now in their 80s and 90s , was also due to attend . Later on Tuesday , many of the world 's leading classical musicians , playing together as the World Orchestra for Peace , performed a concert in Krakow to mark the 70th anniversary . Watch highlights of the performance "	About 20 world leaders gathered in Poland to mark the start of World War II Attack set off chain of events that embroiled all of the world 's major powers German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Russian PM Vladimir Putin at event Merkel says her country unleashed "  endless suffering " by starting war
CNN  -- A space rocket carrying communications equipment exploded soon after takeoff Saturday evening in India , a news agency reported . The unmanned rocket strayed from its flight path and broke into pieces , according to the Press Trust of India . Video of the incident showed huge plumes of white and copper-colored smoke streaming across the sky . CNN 's sister network , CNN-IBN , reported that the rocket lifted off from the Satish Dhawan Space Center in Sriharikota . Its launch was originally scheduled for December 20 , but had been postponed because of an engine leak , CNN-IBN said . It was not immediately clear what caused the failure , which the Press Trust called a setback to India 's space program .	An unmanned rocket carrying communications equipment exploded , media reports The rocket 's launch had been delayed due to an engine leak , according to CNN 's sister network There was no immediately indication as to what caused the launch 's failure
Washington  CNN  -- Twenty-one-year-old Erica Ruiz plans to graduate from college in the spring with a degree in psychology and continue on to graduate school . Her family is from Mexico , but she and her two brothers were born in the United States . "  My parents always encouraged me to go to college and get educated because they did n't get the opportunity , " she said of her mother and father , both farm workers . Ruiz is part of a recent increase in the number of Hispanics attending college in the United States -- a figure that spiked last year and even surpassed that of young blacks , according to a study released last week by the Pew Hispanic Center , part of the Pew Research Center . In 2010 , approximately 1.8 million Hispanic students aged 18 to 24 were enrolled in college , the study showed . In the same age group , there were 1.7 million African-American students enrolled , although when students of all ages were counted , blacks outnumbered Hispanics . Analyzing U.S. Census Bureau data , the researchers found that in 2010 , Hispanic enrollment surged by 24 % over the previous year . For that same time period , college enrollment for blacks and Asians also increased , but not as dramatically as that of Hispanics . Although the enrollment of white students decreased to 7.7 million , the study showed , whites still make up the vast majority of college students . Researcher Richard Fry , who worked on the Pew study , attributes the gains in Hispanic enrollment to the overall population increase of Hispanics and an increase in the number of Hispanics graduating from high school , making them eligible to go to college . "  Improving the educational attainment of young Hispanics would improve the long-term socioeconomic prospects of the nation 's largest minority group , " Fry said . "  It would not only be beneficial for Hispanics themselves but would also raise the education and skills of the nation 's future work force . " Raul Gonzalez , the legislative director for the National Council of La Raza , a Latino civil rights and advocacy group , noted that "  a spike does not a trend make . " "  We are hoping that this carries through to be more of a trend , " Gonzalez said of the findings . Gonzalez gives some credit for the gains to the Bush administration 's No Child Left Behind law . "  It 's been about a decade of the No Child Left Behind policy . We are one of the few groups that still likes that law , " he said . "  I do n't think it 's coincidental that  the increased Hispanic enrollment is  coming at a time when a cohort of kids has gone through a school career under No Child Left Behind . " There was a 4 % decline in college enrollment among young whites since 2009 , the largest drop since at least 1993 , the study showed . This is at least partly due to a decrease in the 18 - to 24-year-old white population . Ruiz said she sees her college education as part of the American dream , and she 's encouraging her brothers to take advantage of their educational opportunities as well .	A larger Hispanic population and better high school graduation rates boosted college enrollment Whites are still the largest group enrolled in college , but since 2009 there 's been a drop No Child Left Behind credited with helping Hispanic gains , advocacy group says
CNN  -- Police in Brazil say they have arrested a fourth person in connection with the March 30 rape of an American woman and the beating and robbery of her French boyfriend on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro . The fourth person arrested -- a 13-year-old boy -- is accused of helping steal the tourists ' credit cards , police said Tuesday . According to Brazilian media , the boy has denied involvement in the rape . Police said the woman and man boarded the minibus in the Copacabana beach district in Rio de Janeiro early on March 30 . Three men subsequently boarded the minibus and forced off all the other passengers , police said . The woman was raped and her boyfriend was held captive and robbed , authorities said . Their credit cards were used at several locations inside and outside of Rio de Janeiro over a span of hours , police said . According to Brazilian newspapers , the man was handcuffed and beaten , while the woman was repeatedly raped . The two were dumped in Itaborai , a city more than 30 miles  about 50 kilometers  away , after six hours , O Globo newspaper said . Earlier , police arrested three other people in the case : Carlos Armando Costa dos Santos , Jonathan Foudakis de Souza and Wallace Aparecido Souza Silva . The rape highlights security concerns in the Brazilian city that will host matches in the 2014 World Cup and will put on the Summer Olympics two years later . As more women came forward saying they were victims of similar attacks , Rio de Janeiro Civil Police Chief Martha Rocha issued a written apology . She also fired two police officers responsible for handling rape cases . CNN 's Shasta Darlington contributed to this report from Sao Paulo , Brazil	A 13-year-old boy is accused of helping steal the victims ' credit cards , police say The boy denies involvement in rape , Brazilian media report The incident highlights security concerns in Rio before coming high-profile events
Only a few people would feel at ease to send Hillary Clinton cartoon clippings . Diane Blair was one of them . Throughout much of Bill Clinton 's eight years in the White House , Blair -- a political science professor and longtime Clinton friend -- exchanged political and humor cartoons with the first lady . Nothing , it seemed , was too small or inconsequential to send back and forth . In May 1996 , Hillary Clinton clipped a "  Mixed Media " cartoon and sent it to Blair and her husband , Jim , with a note that read , "  It is rare that I can send you a comic strip you and Jim have n't seen -- but this one is too good not to share . " It showed a cow lying on a psychologist 's chair with a thought bubble reading , "  I 'm not a mad cow . ... I just have issues ... " -- a reference to the mad cow scare at the time and the criticism of Hillary Clinton 's role in her husband 's failed health care reform effort in his first term . Romney : Hillary Clinton wo n't be judged by her husband 's legacy In the reliably loyal and closely protective Clinton inner circle , Blair was a power center for most of the former first lady 's life . She counseled Clinton -- her friend since 1972 -- during the failed push for health care reform and was there for her through her husband 's affair with White House intern Monica Lewinsky . She had the first lady 's ear on everything from Supreme Court nominees to relations with Capitol Hill . During all of these exchanges , Blair took copious notes and kept a sporadic diary of her interactions with the Clinton White House . Those documents , which were donated to the University of Arkansas after Blair 's death in 2000 , give an unguarded and detailed view into Clinton 's life . CNN reached out to Clinton 's office for comment about the documents , but a spokesman did not respond . Inside Politics : Eleanor Roosevelt 's advice for Hillary Clinton The comfort of old friends The documents also show Blair 's relationship with Clinton was one of trust , love and the comfort of old friends . Blair was born in Washington in 1938 and raised in the District until she went to Cornell University for a political science degree . She came back to Washington after graduation and worked as a legislative secretary and speechwriter for Sen. Stuart Symington of Missouri . Aside from a love of politics , both Clinton and Blair were Arkansas transplants , moving to the state because of the men they married . Clinton on critics : ` Do n't get dragged down ' In 1963 , Blair married Hugh Kincaid , a member of the Arkansas Legislature , and the couple settled in Fayetteville , where Blair taught political science at the University of Arkansas . Skip Rutherford , a close friend of both women , called Blair a "  very welcoming person . " Rutherford , who is mentioned throughout Blair 's documents , is now dean of the University of Arkansas Clinton School of Public Service in Little Rock . "  When you were around her , you knew the conversation was going to be exhilarating , " he said . In "  Living History , " Clinton 's 2003 memoir , the former first lady described Blair as the "  closest friend " she had during those early years in northwest Arkansas . "  We played tennis and traded favorite books , " Clinton wrote . "  Diane regularly met for lunch in the Student Union " to "  share stories and gossip . " The fact that Blair and Clinton had arrived in Fayetteville by fate led her to call it "  Fate-ville " in notes to Clinton . The Clintons and Blairs shared many of their most important moments together . After Diane and her first husband divorced , she married James Blair , a lawyer at Tysons Food , in 1979 . Then-Gov . Bill Clinton performed their marriage and Hillary was the "  best person , " as Clinton described in her book . Jim and Diane Blair stayed at the White House on the Clintons ' first night there in 1993 . And when the Democratic Party renominated Clinton in 1996 , Blair was in the skybox with Hillary Clinton 's family and closest friends . An unguarded look into the Clintons Blair 's documents give an unguarded look into the lives of Hillary and Bill Clinton , from Bill Clinton 's days as Arkansas governor and rising Democratic star to the couple 's time in the White House , warts and all . Blair wrote in her diary that Hillary Clinton called Monica Lewinsky , the White House intern who nearly brought down her husband 's presidency , a "  narcissistic loony toon . " Hillary Clinton defended her husband 's adultery by saying it was caused , partly , because "  the ugly forces started making up hateful things about them , pounding on them . " Blair also noted a 1994 conversation in which the first lady asked her for advice on "  how best to preserve her general memories of the administration and of health care in particular . " When asked why she wanted to keep the documents , Clinton replied , "  Revenge . " Confidante 's diary : Hillary wanted to preserve records for ` revenge ' During all of these times , Blair used her background as a historian and a researcher to document her interactions with Clinton . She kept fastidious notes , and her journal entries were incredibly detailed . Her boxes of documents are chock-full of White House letterhead , invites to Washington parties and internal campaign memos . Blair worked on both of Bill Clinton 's presidential campaigns , and throughout much of it , the historian would document the ups and downs in polls , the stories that critiqued him and the positive moments the campaign experienced . After the 1992 race , Blair received permission to interview most of the campaign staff for a possible book , and now historians at the University of Arkansas are cataloging the interviews for an oral history collection . An inside view of a presidential campaign "  What you really do get is this inside view of a political campaign , " said Andrew Dowdle , the political science professor overseeing the oral history project . "  It is one of those really interesting situations where you have somebody that is an academic who is obviously thinking about the historical record about what is happening and at the same time is Hillary Clinton 's best friend . " Blair papers offer insight into Hillary Clinton In a sign of the times , Blair clipped magazine and newspaper stories about the Clintons . In the 16 boxes of documents housed at the University of Arkansas , dozens of folders were filled with newspaper clippings from Bill Clinton 's time as governor and president . A Time magazine cover story was folded among those from Arkansas newspapers . These clippings also regularly made their way to the White House , where Blair 's letters were expedited to go right to the Clintons and not to the White House correspondence office . After news of what Blair 's notes revealed emerged last week , some columnists questioned her motivation for allowing the notes to be released . "  One might at least wonder whether Blair told Hillary she was taking notes that she would release posthumously , " The Washington Post 's Kathleen Parker wrote . "  That 's certainly one form of life insurance . But would n't it have been more close-friendish to wait until all parties concerned were enjoying the hereafter before publishing notes that could damage the living ? " Friends in Arkansas close to both Clinton and Blair reject that notion , with one saying there was nothing "  sinister or Machiavellian about the notes that everyone are interested in . " "  I do n't buy it . Knowing them both , I do n't buy it , " said Rutherford , the dean at the Clinton School of Public Service . "  I think her motive was history and political science . " He added , "  These are just two ordinary human beings , both brilliant , both smart , but who are above all personal buddies . " Hillary Clinton was a supporter of making the Blair records public in 2010 . Blair 's "  contributions will grow and live on , enlarging our understanding of history , politics and culture , " Clinton said then . "  I hope also that some young scholar will come along and write the story of Diane , " she said . "  We miss her still but this , along with so many of her contributions to us , lives on . " In May 2000 , Blair was diagnosed with lung cancer . That year , the University of Arkansas awarded her an honorary doctor of laws degree , and she spoke at the commencement . Blair died a little more than a month after learning of her illness . She left behind her husband and two children . "  The tragic part in all this is that she got sick and she died , and the process was left unfulfilled , " Rutherford said . "  It is tragedy for history , for Arkansas , and it is a personal tragedy for her friends . "	Longtime friend kept fastidious records of all things Clinton Diane Blair 's papers give insight into Bill Clinton 's campaigns , Hillary Clinton 's thinking Hillary Clinton considered Blair , who died in 2000 , one of her closest friends
CNN  -- The biggest story in Baltimore Tuesday happened inside the headquarters of the city 's ABC-affiliated station , WMAR , but for more than five hours , the station 's reporters could n't get on the air to cover it . The station was evacuated around 11:45 a.m. after an unidentified man smashed a truck through the lobby and screamed that he was God . Police began an hours-long search of the building to find him . He was apprehended shortly after 4:30 p.m. All the while , WMAR journalists could relay information only via Twitter and the station 's website . By mid-afternoon , a makeshift newsroom had been set up about a mile north of the station -- but the reporters still had no way to broadcast . WMAR , known as Channel 2 locally , was broadcasting regularly scheduled , taped shows at the time of the intrusion . It continued to run on a television version of auto-pilot all afternoon  "  The People 's Court , " "  General Hospital , " etc.  while two of its rivals , WJZ and WBAL , covered the breaking news story nonstop . Competitive tendencies abated for at least a few hours : WMAR staffers who witnessed the crash gave interviews to the other stations , and WMAR 's website streamed a simulcast of WJZ 's live coverage . Station officials said on Twitter that every staff member had been accounted for . Initially the staffers waited outside at a safe distance from the station headquarters ; around 2:30 p.m. , a yellow school bus arrived to take some of them to a Marriott hotel in Towson , Maryland , where they regrouped and began to plan news coverage for the rest of the day . Other staffers stayed on the scene to gather information . Without access to the airwaves , "  they 're using social media to get out their message , " WJZ reporter Derek Valcourt told viewers . At 4 p.m. , the auto-pilot ceased , and the station 's signal went to black . But WMAR , which is owned by The E.W. Scripps Company , worked with its sister station KNXV in Phoenix to re-establish a signal . "  Our awesome engineers are fighting like hell to get us back on-air from off-site , " WMAR investigative and general assignment reporter Brian Kuebler wrote on Twitter at 3 p.m. Around the same time that local officials held a news conference to announce the suspect 's apprehension , WMAR was able to stream its own live coverage to its website . During the 5 p.m. hour , that coverage also started to appear over the airwaves . It was raw at first -- just one live , handheld camera and one anchor , Jamie Costello , who interviewed his colleagues about what they 'd seen . "  Right now we are using our Phoenix station to bring you this signal , " Costello told viewers . "  Forgive us for the sloppiness . " After the police news conference , staffers were allowed to come back on the station 's property but could not enter the building . Mike Masco , one of the station 's meteorologists , said on Twitter that the staff would be allowed back in the building at 7 p.m. On the lawn outside , an impromptu news planning meeting took place while Costello narrated the scene . "  We 're going to have news tonight , " he said .	NEW : WMAR returns to the airwaves with help from Phoenix sister station NEW : Police catch suspect and allow station staff to return to the property A Baltimore TV station is evacuated after a man crashes a truck into the lobby WMAR reporters share the news on Twitter ; other stations cover the event live
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- Ted Nugent should be arrested . Not because he does n't like Barack Obama but because he got up in front of a group of people and insinuated he would attempt to assassinate Obama if he 's re-elected . Or let 's put it this way : A man with a truckload of guns has threatened the life of our president while the country 's at war . Nugent 's words were : "  If Barack Obama is elected , I 'll either be dead or in jail this time next year , " which sounds to me like he 's open to directing his disapproval of Obama in a way that is violent and unlawful . When you see that statement next to Nugent comparing Obama and his colleagues to coyotes that needed to be shot , as well as the need to "  ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November , " I do n't see how that rant can not be looked upon as a threat on the president 's life . iReport : Opinion - "  I want to live in a world where you can speak your mind " I do n't care how you feel about Nugent 's music or Obama 's policies , it seems that if there were a First Amendment line to cross , that would be it . And yet , the reality is the Secret Service will spend a little time investigating Nugent , determine he 's not a true threat , and move on . If the Supreme Court can rule in favor of an 18-year-old man who , in voicing his opposition to being drafted for the Vietnam War , said : "  If they ever make me carry a rifle the first man I want to get in my sights is LBJ , " then it 's doubtful anything is going to happen to Nugent . At least anything involving jail time . People are still free to organize boycotts and express disapproval . The First Amendment protects freedom of speech but it can not insulate folks against the social and cultural repercussions that come from saying something offensive . Nugent should be in jail . But he 's just a piece of low-hanging fruit . We already know he 's a wild man who makes inflammatory remarks to stay relevant . We also know he 's not the only media figure who shocks for a living . The bigger question is why is it OK to say you 're going to kill the president , and by OK , I mean legal ? True , because President Obama is black he has attracted a unique breed of critics , such as Walter Bagdasarian , who in 2008 was arrested but later set free after posting "  Re : Obama fk the n **** r , he will a .50 cal in the head soon " on a Yahoo message board . He also posted "  Shoot the n * g. " Obama is hardly the only president to have a U.S. citizen publicly threaten his life . And yet , like Bagdasarian , the people issuing the threats are protected under a law that yanks the teeth out of another law , one that makes it a felony to threaten a president or major presidential candidate with death or bodily harm . In order to get a jail sentence to stick , prosecutors must prove the individual has made plans to carry out such a threat . So even though law enforcement found a .50 caliber muzzle-loading rifle in Bagdasarian 's home -- the kind of bullet he said would soon be in Obama 's head -- that was n't enough to keep him in jail . I do n't know about you , but I find that to be a bit unsettling , especially nowadays , when we have almost as many guns in the U.S. as we do people -- the highest rate of any country in the world of civilian gun ownership . Forty-nine states allow gun owners to carry concealed weapons outside of their home for protection , including in some cases , bars . Who needs a plan when you can be ticked off , get liquored up and then go attend a rally ? I 'm not anti-gun . I 'm pro- America . Allowing people to threaten the life of a president , particularly during time of war , is not protecting free speech as much as it is dangerously close to treason as it is defined in Article III of the Constitution . We have an agreed-upon system to replace elected officials we do n't like . It 's called democracy . If people do n't like the president , they can say that . They can vote against them . They can run . They can leave . But they should n't be allowed to go on the Internet or radio and threaten his or her life . I felt that way about George W. Bush , I feel that way about President Obama , and I will feel that way if Mitt Romney gets elected . That 's because this conversation is n't about them or the parties they represent . It 's about maintaining some level of respect for the office . How can we begin to talk seriously about "  restoring America " -- whatever that means -- when we openly threaten the life of our chief ambassador ? U.S. Presidents Lincoln , Garfield , McKinley , and Kennedy were all assassinated . Six U.S. presidents survived assassination attempts . I 'm not surprised to hear such comments from Nugent . But I am surprised that in a country with 106 million handguns , 105 million rifles , 83 million shotguns and four assassinated presidents , we do n't take such talk more seriously . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Ted Nugent should be tried and go to jail for insinuating he 'd kill Obama Threatening a president at a time of war needs to be taken seriously , LZ writes LZ : Consider that we have highest rate of civilian gun ownership in the world LZ : This disrespects the office : It 's wrong if it 's directed at a GOP president too
CNN  -- Conan O'Brien has called Martin Short the "  funniest guy ever , " but , at times , Short 's sunny outlook has come at the expense of great loss . His big brother , David , died in a car accident in 1962 when Short was 12 . By the time he was 21 , he 'd lost his mother and father . His wife died of ovarian cancer in 2010 . Yet , through it all , Short has kept in mind a valuable lesson he took to heart after David 's death : "  Something terrible can happen to you , and yet , the day after this something terrible , the sun still rises , and life goes on . And therefore , so must you . " The actor and comedian , known for his stints on "  SCTV , " "  Saturday Night Live , " "  Primetime Glick " and a number of movies , spoke to CNN about his memoir , "  I Must Say : My Life as a Humble Comedy Legend "  HarperCollins  , which comes out Tuesday . In person , he is just as gracious , energetic and seemingly pixie dust-covered as the Martin Short who frequents late-night talk shows . That 's no act . The naturally cheerful Canadian rejects the notion that he uses comedy to dull the pain . Instead , he says , he has gained wisdom from the events . He looks at the bright side , even when thinking about loss . Channeling Ed Grimley Short never expected to hit it big . Though he grew up idolizing Frank Sinatra and hosted a faux variety show from his attic bedroom in his hometown of Hamilton , Ontario , Short maintains he was too far , psychologically , from the United States to harbor Hollywood dreams . The youngest of five , Short grew up in a boisterous , fun-loving Irish-Catholic family . His father , born in Ireland , worked as a steel company executive . Short 's mother served as concertmistress of the symphony orchestra in Hamilton . Short was studying social work until his friend Eugene Levy persuaded him to give acting a chance . His second professional audition was in 1972 for the Toronto production of "  Godspell . " He and Levy were cast with Victor Garber , Gilda Radner and Andrea Martin , among others . Paul Shaffer was the musical director . It was their collective big break . But Short had a bigger break midway through the show 's 1972-73 run . He met a "  forbiddingly attractive " understudy named Nancy Dolman . They started dating and eventually married . "  The miracle of Nan and me is that once we started , " Short wrote in the book , "  we never stopped ; we remained forever devoted to each other . " Even after "  Godspell , " he thought he 'd missed the boat . In the mid-1970s , Radner and Shaffer headed to "  Saturday Night Live . " Pals like Levy , Catherine O'Hara , John Candy and Harold Ramis were working on a pre - "  SCTV " show called "  Second City Television . " Short felt like his own career was in a rut . Short recalled a 1977 incident in which he froze in his tracks while walking along Los Angeles ' Santa Monica Boulevard . Intimidated by his friends ' successes , he sat on a bench and silently brooded for 15 minutes as Dolman held his hand . The breakdown was short-lived . The next day , Short joined Toronto 's Second City troupe , where he debuted some of his most popular characters , including Ed Grimley . Originally , Ed was a device Short used to defuse arguments between him and Dolman . When Short was becoming too much for her to handle , she 'd summon Ed . With his hunched shoulders and upper lip exposing his teeth  the high hair would come later  , sweet Ed would smooth things over in a way Short confessed he was too stubborn to do . Over time , Short hiked up Ed 's trousers , gelled his hair to a point and costumed his character in an old orange-checked shirt . The character became hugely popular . Nevertheless , long after they moved to L.A. , Short noted in the book that Dolman never let him forget about his moment on the bench . "  Look , honey , there 's Breakdown Corner , " she would say . An all-star comedian He joined "  SCTV " in 1982 . He still considers it his "  most satisfying professional experience . " "  There are certain times when the stars align and everything is ideal , " he said . "  In this case the end result was fabulous . The execution was fabulous . I was living in my hometown . I was working with lifelong friends . People loved the product . The product deserved to be loved . And those stars lining up do n't always happen . " "  SCTV " ended in 1984 , and Short made the jump to "  Saturday Night Live " as part of what became known as the "  all-star cast , " a group that included Christopher Guest , Billy Crystal and Harry Shearer . "  I had a one-year contract -LSB- at ` SNL ' -RSB- , " Short said , "  so I knew I was not going to be there longer than a year , so I treated it like I had 22 specials to do that year . " Shortly after his time on "  SNL , " he made his feature film debut in 1986 's "  Three Amigos ! " That film is also where Short befriended Steve Martin , with whom he would collaborate professionally many times , notably in the "  Father of the Bride " films . He plays a depraved dentist in the forthcoming Paul Thomas Anderson film , "  Inherent Vice . " His work has not gone unnoticed . He won a Tony for his performance in the 1999 production of the musical "  Little Me " and has an Emmy for writing "  SCTV . " His other honors include being named to the Order of Canada . These days , Short is probably most associated with his wild talk-show appearances , whether it 's on David Letterman 's show -- he 's been a frequent guest -- or hosting his own , including "  Primetime Glick . " Letterman , he said , has been a stalwart , and he 'll miss the longtime star , who 's retiring next year . "  I 'm deeply sad to see him retire , because I think he has a completely unique voice on television , " Short said . "  It 's a voice that people trust . "  I keep going back to the first show after 9/11 . He was the first one back and people were watching his lead . He was so profound in that moment . And then , again , when he was memorializing Robin Williams . And he 's so deeply funny , and so original . There 's no one like him , " he added . "  It 's horrifying to think no Dave on TV . " But for a guy who both loves and mocks showbiz , there 's one brush with fame that stands out . Several years ago , Short met Elizabeth Taylor , who was fond of one of Short 's lesser projects : the 1994 oddball cult favorite "  Clifford , " in which the 40-ish Short played a bizarre 10-year-old boy . Taylor , she told Short , was "  a total ` Clifford ' freak . " Short still seems surprised . "  It was the most random thing I ever thought I 'd hear upon meeting Elizabeth Taylor . "	Martin Short 's memoir details love , loss , life and celebrity encounters The comic actor maintains a sunny disposition despite significant heartbreak Short : Elizabeth Taylor told me she was "  a total Clifford freak " Short on David Letterman 's retirement : "  It 's horrifying to think no Dave on TV "
CNN  -- The mayor of Piedras Negras , Mexico , and the secretary of public works and transportation in the state of Coahuila were killed in a plane crash Wednesday , the government-run Notimex news agency reported . There was an explosion on the airplane while flying over the Escondido River , Notimex said . The news agency identified the men as Mayor Jose Manuel Maldonado and Coahuila official Horacio del Bosque Davila . The pilot , who was not identified , also was presumed dead . Coahuila Gov. Humberto Moreira Valdes confirmed the deaths , Notimex said . The aircraft , which took off from Piedras Negras , plunged into the Fragua Dam , the news agency said . Notimex said the aircraft was a Piper Cheyenne , a twin-engine turboprop plane . Patricia Rivero of the Coahuila 's prosecutors office told CNN officials were still at the scene and she did not have further information .	Explosion occurred aboard plane before crash , government-run news agency reports Piedras Negras mayor and Coahuila secretary of public works and transportation were killed The pilot , who was unidentified , also was presumed dead Crash is still under investigation , official said Wednesday
CNN  -- The number of people who have driven drunk or drugged is down , a new government survey said Thursday . Still , in an average year , 30 million people drive drunk , according to the survey released by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration . In addition , 10 million people drive after under the influence of drugs , said the agency , which is part of the Department of Health and Human Services , "  13.2 percent of all persons 16 or older drove under the influence of alcohol and 4.3 percent of this age group drove under the influence of illicit drugs in the past year , " it said . Both figures are a drop from recent years . In the time period of 2002 to 2005 , the rate of people driving drunk was 14.6 % . Those driving drugged was 4.8 % during the same period , the agency said . The survey also provides a state-by-state tally of drunk and drugged driving . Wisconsin topped the list of drunk driving at 23.7 % . North Dakota was second with 22.4 % , the agency said . The highest rate for drugged driving was in Rhode Island at 7.8 % and Vermont at 6.6 % . Utah and Mississippi had the lowest rate of drunk driving . Iowa and New Jersey had the lowest rate of drugged driving , the agency found . The agency surveyed more than 400,000 people to get its results .	Wisconsin tops of the list of drunk driving , agency says Rhode Island tops the lists of drugged driving The agency surveyed more than 400,000 people to get its results
CNN  -- Get a kick out of this : Researchers reported Wednesday finding the world 's oldest leather shoe in a cave in Armenia . The 5,500-year-old one-piece shoe antedates Stonehenge by a millennium and precedes every loafer , mukluk , wader , clog , bootee , stiletto , wingtip , mule , Oxford and cross trainer anyone has ever seen , according to Ron Pinhasi , a lecturer in prehistoric archaeology at University College Cork in Ireland . The effort that resulted in the find dates to 2005 , when Pinhasi and his team of archaeologists first entered the cave about an hour south of the capital city of Yerevan , in Vayotz Dzor province on the border with Iran and Turkey , and decided it looked promising . Two years later , Pinhasi returned , dug down about half a meter and "  started discovering everything , " including rare , well-preserved organic material such as textiles , ropes and wooden stakes , leading them to redouble their efforts . The next year , they excavated in a house that had been constructed inside the cave and found a pit covered with sheep or goat dung . Below the dung , they found broken pottery and goat horns covering the shoe , said the authors , who published their findings in the online scientific journal PLoS ONE . The right-footed , undecorated shoe -- today it would be a size 5 -- probably belonged to a woman , "  but we can not be certain ; it could be a man with small feet , " Pinhasi said . A leather thong is stitched through four sets of eyelets in the back and 15 sets in the top . The shoe was lightly worn . Some of the eyelets have been recut , but the sole shows little wear . "  We thought originally it could be a discard , but at the same time , it 's very strange , because we have only one shoe , and it 's in very good shape , " Pinhasi said . "  It looks like it was more than likely deliberately placed in this way . " If so , it would join a number of other items that appear to have been placed as offerings . At the back of the cave , the archaeologists found pots full of grain and three pots , each containing the skull of a child -- their jaws removed . "  It 's pretty weird , " he said . Two leather samples were taken : One was sent for carbon dating to the Oxford Radiocarbon Accelerator Unit at the University of Oxford and the other to the University of California-Irvine Accelerator Mass Spectrometry Facility ; a piece of the straw was sent to Oxford . Age estimates were the same for all three . Pinhasi said he had no idea how common it would have been at that time for people to wear shoes . His is the second-oldest shoe find ; a pair of 7,500-year-old sandals made of fiber was found in Missouri , he said . But that does n't mean shoes were not commonly used . The fact that so little footwear from those days has been found could be explained by the fact that shoes do n't tend to age well . Had it not been for the conditions inside the cave , the shoe would probably have disintegrated long ago . Though temperatures in the region range from sweltering in the summer to icy in winter , the interior of the limestone cave remains a dry , consistent 20 degrees Celsius  68 degrees F  , key to the shoe 's survival , he said . "  What was exciting was that it is so complete and it looks so much like a modern shoe , with the eyelets and everything . Obviously , these people already knew how to make it . " And there was a level of sophistication in the product that he did not expect . The cow leather appeared to have been split and cured with a vegetable oil , said Pinhasi , who favors size 10 1/2 Birkenstocks . "  They actually look a little bit like the shoe , " he said . "  Not quite -- a bit more sophisticated . " The fact that the cave remained untouched for so many millennia is surprising . It can be seen from a heavily traveled road and is only about 300 yards from a fish restaurant , he said . But government authorities are now posting a guard to keep away looters . "  It 's turning -LSB- out -RSB- to be sort of the most important site in Armenia , " he said . Though he wants to display the shoe in a museum in Armenia , he first wants to take it to Switzerland or Germany for preservation . In the two years since the footwear was unearthed , the elements have taken a toll . "  When it came out -LSB- of the ground -RSB- , the leather was absolutely soft , " the Israeli archaeologist said . "  Now , it 's hard as a rock . " But legislation does not exist in Armenia that would allow him to remove a national treasure from the country , so he is waiting . Meanwhile , the shoe sits in the Institute of Archeology at the National Academy of Sciences in Yereva . On Friday , Pinhasi plans to return to the region , this time to dig in a cave near the one that held the shoe . "  We want to see if it 's unique , " he said . Even if nearby caves turn out to hold no such treasure , the 41-year-old researcher has plenty of work ahead of him . "  We must have excavated about 2 percent of it , " he said . "  It could take decades " to finish the rest .	5,500-year-old leather shoe found in Armenian cave Footwear may have been left as offering In 2 years since shoe was found , leather has hardened
CNN  -- A Florida town has banned people -- let 's face it , young people -- from wearing saggy pants . A councilwoman for Ocala pushed for passage of the law , but the town 's Mayor Kent Guinn may ultimately veto the fashion police . If the law goes into effect , it 's unclear what measuring tools the Ocala Police Department would use to determine whether citizens ' pants are within the 2-inch legal limit of a theoretical waistline . It 's even more unclear how they will determine where the waistline actually lies on an individual . More likely than not , the Ocala PD will use the time-honored legal standard of "  I know it when I see it " to eyeball the location of waistlines relative to pants lines . The not-too-subtle message is : Pull up your pants , because "  2 inches " really just means "  too annoying . " Why do I suggest it singles out young people ? I 'm not ascribing any evil motive to law enforcement . Rather , as a society , we wo n't expect the police to ticket a plumber crouched over at work , accidentally revealing his tighty-whiteys . We 'll expect them to target teens who show underwear as a fashion statement . So , the underlying legal question arises : Can the government even outlaw saggy pants in the first place ? It 's true that the First Amendment prohibits the government from interfering with our speech -- which is the right to receive and disseminate ideas and information . It 's also true that speech need not be spoken or written . The First Amendment also protects "  expressive conduct . " The problem is that expressive conduct is hard to identify . Clothing can certainly be expressive . In 1971 , the Supreme Court overturned one man 's conviction for wearing a jacket that said "  F**k the Draft " -- but that 's not really expressive conduct , because the written words constituted speech . Expressive conduct conveys an idea without words . Wearing a black armband to school to protest a war is an example of expressive conduct , and the Supreme Court has said doing so is protected speech . Indeed , even offensive clothing , like Nazi uniforms , has been deemed expressive conduct , and the reviled Klansman robe has garnered First Amendment protections . Clothing can be communicative , but courts require an identifiable , specific message to apply First Amendment protection . Saggy pants proponents would have to show that  1  displaying your underwear conveys an identifiable message  2  that the rest of us on the street can understand as an identifiable message . Well , does n't having one 's pants on the ground convey ideas about comfort , personal style , and individuality ? Certainly , but those are not specific enough "  messages " for the courts . When you think about it , all clothing conveys those ideas . In the '80s , many of us were conveying strong ideas about acid wash jeans and shoulder pads , and in the '90s , our collective message was apparently flannel and work boots . But that 's just style -- or lack thereof -- and it 's not enough of a message to be protected speech . During the 2013 trial of George Zimmerman , many took to wearing hooded sweatshirts to show support for Trayvon Martin , who was killed by Zimmerman while wearing a hoodie . Wearing hoodies satisfies the first prong of having a particularized message , but probably fails the second . Hoodies are so popular that a court might conclude the message of solidarity is indistinguishable on the street from , say , someone wearing a hoodie to the gym . In that sense , hoodies would fail the second test , because they are not understood as speech by others . The results feel confusing : A court would likely conclude that the clothing of a Klansman or a neo-Nazi conveys a particularized message -- an unpopular , divisive , angry message . That would entitle it to constitutional protection . But saggy pants ? The message is too amorphous , so it can not be protected speech . And if it 's not protected speech , the First Amendment will not prevent towns from outlawing those droopy drawers . Few of us like looking at people 's skivvies when their jeans hang off them on the subway , but how offensive is it , really ? Our culture 's mores about clothing are fundamentally illogical . We attempt to outlaw this display of the top half of someone 's boxers , but have no laws for that old guy at the pool -- usually the same guy glistening with suntan oil -- who prances around in nothing but a Speedo all summer . What 's with that guy , anyway ? The point is that culturally , we accept nearly complete nudity in one context , but try to regulate mostly clothed conduct in another . There really is no logic to our ideas about clothing . That helps to explain horrible fashion choices from decade to decade , but does little to logically justify clothing regulations . As much as we feel free to express ourselves with apparel , we likely have less freedom of expression than we imagined . And at least in one town in Florida , no matter how trendy your gear may be , it looks like it 's time to pull up the pants .	Danny Cevallos : Florida town passed legislation to ban sagging pants He says this is one fashion statement that courts wo n't say should be protected Cevallos : Constitution protects clothing with a specific message that will be widely understood He says saggy pants do n't represent a political statement
CNN  -- It all seemed like a Friday night prank in the beachfront paradise of Isla Vista , the off-campus housing quarter for students from University of California at Santa Barbara and the local community college . The pops sounded like firecrackers , a common mischief . And the gun looked fake , like one used for pellet games . But what seemed like a college joke at first became very real . Sienna Schwartz saw the gunman driving by her and thought he was a hoaxster -- until she felt the whoosh of a bullet passing her skin . "  He lifted up a little black pistol and ... I just thought it was an Airsoft gun or something , so I was like , hey , what up ? " she said , becoming tearful as she recounted the experience . "  And I turned around and I started walking the other way , " she said . "  He shot ... I just felt the wind pass right by my face . " Schwartz broke down in retelling how the beauty of Isla Vista became a scene of mass death Friday night . In all , seven people were killed , including the gunman who fired into crowds while driving his black BMW . It was the second time that a mass killing has occurred in the unincorporated community in 13 years ; the other one also involved a motorist . Friday night 's violence could n't have picked a more beautiful college setting . Beachfront beauty UCSB is renowned as a school on the beach , and as such , it 's one of the most scenic campuses in America , caressed by cool Pacific breezes . Just 100 miles from Los Angeles , Santa Barbara attracts weekend crowds seeking a getaway . Its main street features boutiques and eateries in stylish Spanish-mission architecture . Isla Vista is the adjacent residential quarter for students mostly enrolled in UCSB and others at Santa Barbara City College . The community sits on beachfront bluffs just west of UCSB and offers off-campus apartments where students commonly double up in one bedroom . In fact , Isla Vista holds legend status as the most densely populated square mile in California , though the county says its size is actually a half-square mile , or 320 acres . Officially , Isla Vista is an unincorporated community of 20,000 people -- 13,000 of them are students -- in Santa Barbara County , the county says . The streets prove the student presence : they 're lined with bicycles . Friday night 's mass shooting occurred on an weekend evening when Isla Vista is typically jammed with students moving shoulder-to-shoulder from one party to another . On Saturday morning , however , the community was a massive crime scene . Pizzerias , delis , cafes and convenience stores downtown were lined with yellow police tapes zigzagging everywhere -- because the drive-by gunman apparently fired upon several places while in motion . Bullet casings lay scattered on the street , and storefront windows were shattered . 2001 mass killing As grisly as it was , the setting was n't the first time that Isla Vista has known a mass killing , especially by a motorist . In 2001 , David Attias , son of film director Daniel Attias , ran over five people in Isla Vista , killing four of them , and exclaimed he was the "  angel of death . " Attias was convicted of four murders in 2002 , but a jury later ruled him not guilty by reason of insanity . Attias was then sent to a California mental hospital . In Friday night 's deaths , witnesses -- largely of college-student age -- initially thought the unfolding events were student antics . Sounded like fireworks Summer Young said she was walking down the street and heard what sounded like fireworks set off by students . "  People get stupid out here sometimes , " she said . But the pops were gunfire , and the car passed her , she learned . "  He was just firing up shots , " Young said . Another witness , Cayla Bergman , a UCSB student , also described the bangs as fireworks . "  We 're used to loud noises around here , " she said . But then the crowds went into a panic . "  A bunch of people from outside just started running into the store , " Bergman said . Sorority bloodshed Kyle Sullivan , 19 , a student at Santa Barbara City College , came upon three young women -- all shot -- on a lawn in front of the Alpha Phi sorority , located in a cluster of Greek houses in Isla Vista . One woman appeared to be dead . Another was struggling and "  just barely able to move her eyes . " A third , wounded in the kidney and arm , was on the phone with her mother , telling her she probably was n't going to make it and "  how much she loved her , " Sullivan said . "  It was a huge shock last night , " Sullivan told CNN in an interview on the sorority lawn , reconstructing events . "  I really was n't able to sleep at all . It was heartbreaking , that something would happen in our community like this . " Nikolaus Becker , a graduating high school senior who was visiting Isla Vista , was eating a burger in a restaurant when he and friends heard pops , thinking they were fireworks . Other students were doing homework inside the eatery . "  We were actually joking around about it , " he said of the popping . "  People were riding their bikes around outside , and parties were still going on . " Then Becker and friends heard two more sets of bangs -- with police running . They also saw a speeding car -- moving at 50 mph , screeching around a corner . "  Nobody knew what was going on , and everybody was kind of scared to go outside , " Becker said . When he finally went outside a half hour later , Becker saw body bags on the street . Colleges ache Both colleges expressed sympathies Saturday . They are now coordinating counseling and student support services . "  Our hearts are aching as we learn about the tragedy that unfolded in Isla Vista last night , " a Santa Barbara City College statement said Saturday . "  We know our students co-mingle with UCSB students and Isla Vista residents as part of our greater community and we all , as an extended family , are impacted by this unimaginable event . " UCSB is providing temporary housing for displaced students . "  Our campus community is shocked and saddened by the events that occurred last night in the nearby community of Isla Vista , " a university statement said . Who 's the man behind the rampage ? CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Kyle Sullivan , 19 , finds three young women shot on a sorority lawn NEW : One woman who thinks she wo n't survive calls mom to express love , he says Isla Vista community is a densely populated quarter for student housing In 2001 , a motorist killed four people by running them over in Isla Vista
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Who is Amanda Knox ? Is she a two-faced she-devil , angelic and compassionate to some but Satanic and Lucifer-like to others ? That 's what Carlo Pacelli , the lawyer for a man Knox falsely accused in the 2007 murder of her roommate , Meredith Kercher , called her as he summed up his case last week . Is she "  Foxy Knoxy , " as the British tabloid press leered and sneered at her within hours of her exoneration in Kercher 's murder Monday ? Or is she the fresh-faced girl from Seattle she still appears to be , even after spending nearly four years behind bars before her conviction was quashed ? Is Knox simply the victim of character assassination , painted falsely as a "  femme fatale " by prosecutors and media the world over ? Defense lawyer Giulia Bongiorno advanced that theory in her own closing argument . She compared Knox to Jessica Rabbit , the hourglass-shaped , husky-voiced cartoon character who insists in the movie "  Who Framed Roger Rabbit ? " that she 's not bad , she 's just "  drawn that way . " Five women and three men on a jury here weighed in decisively on who Knox is Monday , throwing out the five most serious charges she was originally convicted of in connection with Kercher 's death and releasing her from prison . Audible gasp in courtroom as verdict is read The jury also freed Raffaele Sollecito , her former boyfriend who became her co-defendant . Their release came at the end of an appeal lasting just over four months and feeling much more like a re-trial than an appeal as understood in the United States or Kercher 's native Britain . Lawyers battled on two fronts -- DNA evidence and Knox 's character . Police scientists argued that a knife found at Sollecito 's home had traces of Kercher 's DNA on the blade and Knox 's DNA on the handle . And they testified that a bra clasp belonging to Kercher and found in her room had Sollecito 's genetic material on it . Experts appointed by the court questioned police handling of the evidence , suggesting authorities ' sloppiness could make the DNA results unreliable and should make them inadmissible in court . Prosecution witnesses , meanwhile , maintained that the tests were valid -- leading to highly technical and sometimes heated courtroom arguments and prompting the prosecution to ask for new DNA tests , a request the judge rejected . No end to Knox as pop culture obsession Knox and Sollecito do not have airtight alibis for the night of November 1 , 2007 , when Kercher 's throat was slashed , her semi-naked body left under a bed cover . Their cell phones and Sollecito 's computer were switched off at the time of the murder , depriving them of potentially exculpatory evidence . But while they can not prove they were not at the scene of the crime , their defense team says the prosecution can not prove that they were . There was no physical trace of them in the room where Kercher died , Knox and Sollecito 's lawyers insisted . They argued that the crime was solely the work of drifter Rudy Guede , who was convicted separately and is serving 16 years . His DNA was all over the crime scene , the defense said . That may have been enough for the jury to set Knox and Sollecito free . Defense lawyer Luciano Ghirga reminded the jury repeatedly Monday morning that the prosecution needed to prove its case "  beyond a reasonable doubt " -- a standard he made a point of saying was rooted in Italian law and was not imported from America , in a nod to the nationalistic tensions that have sometimes seemed to underpin this case . The jury must have had sufficient doubts to overturn a verdict rendered by eight of their compatriots less than two years ago . That means that either Knox and Sollecito were the victims of a miscarriage of justice then , or that Kercher is now . Only Knox and Sollecito themselves may know which it is -- because nearly four years after Kercher 's death , incontrovertible evidence about whether Knox and Sollecito were involved remains maddeningly elusive . CNN 's Hada Messia and Mallory Simon contributed to this report .	Knox was cleared in the 2007 death of her roommate The defense maintains prosecutors ca n't prove her involvement Knox spent four years behind bars
CNN  -- Kyoto , Japan 's capital from 794 to 1868 , is one of the biggest stars on the Japan tourism trail , recently voted "  world 's best city " by Travel + Leisure magazine readers . Is it deserving of the title ? Definitely . Unless you 're a traveler under the age of 12 and do n't give a hoot about learning the correct way to whisk a bowl of matcha green tea , exploring ancient UNESCO World Heritage sites or counting how many torii gates there are at the Fushimi Inari-Taisha Shrine  10,000 , for the record  . When traveling to Kyoto with kids , the mutinous cries of "  Not another zen garden , dad ! " will inevitably ring out , threatening to derail that dream family vacation . This is when you need to hit the Toei Kyoto Studio Park -- or Toei Uzumasa Eigamura -- and spend an afternoon geeking out on some of the most familiar icons of Japanese pop culture , from samurais and geisha to "  Dragon Ball " and "  Sailor Moon . " ` The Hollywood of Japan ' First , you 'll need to toss your Universal Studios fantasies out the sliding shoji screen door . There are no rides here . This theme park celebrates the best of Japanese film-making , filled with huge Edo-period  1600-1867  sets you can explore on foot -- preferably decked out in a funny samurai-style wig you rented in the costume shop near the entrance . Often overshadowed by its traditional cultural allures , Kyoto was called the "  Hollywood of Japan " between the 1920s and 1960s , until its thriving film industry went into decline . In response , film-making leader Toei Studios Kyoto opened up parts of its sets to the public in 1975 . Further development followed and the theme park grew in popularity among tourists . Today , many of Japan 's "  jidaigeki " period dramas are still filmed on these sets . On my recent weekday visit to the Toei Kyoto Studio Park , crowds were light and no TV shoots were taking place , but I was able to get a behind-the-scenes sample of what happens on a typical Japanese historical drama shoot at the park 's Jidaigeki Show . More relevant to most foreign visitors , however , is the Anime Museum , filled with impressive displays , pictures and cells from shows produced by the Toei film company 's animation arm , including "  Kamen Rider , " "  Sailor Moon , " "  Dragon Ball " and "  Super Sentai , " on which the U.S. based its popular "  Power Rangers " series . In addition to Toei 's dozens of film-related displays , the park has live ninja and samurai shows , a Haunted House , Ninja Mystery House , Trick Art Museum , 3D theater , maze of illusions , science museum , indoor kids play areas and a lovely Japanese "  ukiyo-e " woodcut print gallery . Haunting , but not horrifying Given that the Toei film company is behind some pretty terrifying horror flicks , as well as the controversial cult classic "  Battle Royale , " I expect something a bit more grotesque than what awaited in the Haunted House . Still , it 's pretty darn scary , in a slightly cheesy way . The sound effects alone left me fighting an urge to seek out an emergency "  chicken " exit as I hissed aloud , "  Why did I come in here ? "  Expletive deleted . An actor , playing the role of a bloodied "  dead " body , popped up in silent reply . Next , bearing in mind the words of author Jarius Raphel -- "  Ninjas do n't wish upon a star , they throw them " -- I eagerly hit the Ninja Mystery House , where staff conducted a quick primer on the history of the cloaked assassins ' residences before setting me free to get out of a fun maze of false walls and doors . Alas , no ninja stars were thrown . Over in the Trick Art Museum , quirky 3D anamorphic art and props made for a perfectly Instagrammable experience . As I was traveling solo , a staff member was kind enough to accompany me through the space and take photos with my camera , doing a fine job of stifling her cringes as I struck awkward , unconvincing poses . Though few would likely make a special trip to Kyoto to see the Toei Studio Park , it 's definitely a kitschy and fun way to spend a few hours . Buy the kids a souvenir ninja costume with their own set of throwing stars and you might even earn yourself an extra day of zen garden exploration . Additional Toei Kyoto Studio Pak information Many of the shows are presented in Japanese only , but inasmuch as they 're highly visual , they 're still worth watching . Park displays include English text , while staff give out English-language maps at the entrance . Toei Kyoto Studio Park has multiple restaurants throughout , which serve Japanese , Chinese and Western cuisine . Admission is 2,200 yen  $ 21  for adults . Some attractions require an additional charge . Toei Kyoto Studio Park , JR Uzumasa Station ,10 Uzumasa , Hachigaoka-cho , Ukyo-ku , Kyoto ; +81  0  75 864 7716 CNN Travel 's series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries and regions we profile . However , CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy .	Kyoto was once called "  the Hollywood of Japan " due to high number of films shot in the city Toei Kyoto Studio Park features Edo-themed sets , samurai/ninja shows and a scary haunted house Anime Museum highlights shows produced by Toei including "  Sailor Moon , " "  Dragon Ball " and "  Super Sentai "
Johannesburg  CNN  -- South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu turned 80 on Friday , days after a spat with the government over a visa delay that forced the Dalai Lama to cancel a trip to the nation . Tutu celebrated Thursday by dancing with the Soweto Gospel Choir during a church celebration to mark his birthday . Music and laughter rang out in the cathedral during the event attended by Irish rocker Bono of U2 . The Dalai Lama had hoped to deliver birthday greetings personally but scrapped his planned visit after South Africa failed to issue him a visa in time . Instead , the Tibetan spiritual leader wished Tutu well in a webcast . "  Please take care , " the Dalai Lama said . "  I will pray both to god as well as Buddha for your long life and healthy body . " "  I am quite sad , " he said . "  And also this time , I was very much hoping to see Nelson Mandela ,  who is  now very old . Now I have doubt whether I will have the occasion to meet Nelson Mandela or not . " Mandela turned 93 this year . Tutu lashed out at his government Tuesday , saying it had forgotten what the nation stood for . "  When we used to apply for passports under the apartheid government , we never knew until the last moment what their decision was , " Tutu said at a news conference . "  Our government is worse than the apartheid government because at least you were expecting it from the apartheid government . The Dalai Lama had been invited to the country to receive a peace award and speak at various events , including a lecture in honor of Tutu 's birthday . Tutu and the Dalai Lama are recipients of the Nobel Peace Prize . South Africa denies the visa was linked to pressure from China , a major trade partner . The Dalai Lama fled Tibet in 1959 after a failed uprising against Chinese rule , and the nation pressures governments worldwide to deny him any legitimacy . Despite the setback , tributes came in early Friday for the man known fondly as "  the people 's priest " and hailed for his fight for human rights . In a birthday message , the U.S. Embassy in South Africa said he "  continues to provide a moral voice for the voiceless . " "  We congratulate Archbishop Desmond Tutu ... and join South Africa and the global community in honoring a man who is recognized for his fearlessness in speaking truth to power , " the embassy in Pretoria said in a statement . "  From his work against apartheid in South Africa , to his championing of democracy , freedom and human rights , and advocacy for those still living under the scourge of homophobia , racism or xenophobia , Archbishop Tutu has served as the vocal conscience of a generation . " This is not the first time the Dalai Lama has not been able to visit South Africa . Two years ago , South Africa refused the Tibetan spiritual leader a visa to attend an international peace conference , saying it was not in the country 's interest for him to attend . CNN 's Kim Norgaard contributed to this report .	NEW : The Dalai Lama wishes Tutu well and says he is sad about his canceled trip South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu turns 80 Dalai Lama scraps a planned visit to attend Tutu 's birthday after a visa delay Tutu says the government is acting worse than apartheid regime
Tripura , India  CNN  -- The pictures may be difficult to look at , but 18-month-old Roona Begum 's story of survival is remarkable . Soon after she was born in a remote village in northeastern India , Roona was diagnosed with an extreme form of hydrocephalus -- a disorder causing cerebral fluid to build up in the brain . Doctors had given Roona just a few months to live . "  Day-by-day , her head started growing bigger , she stopped wanting to eat , she would just lie in bed , it became very difficult for us to carry her and take her anywhere , " says Roona 's father Abdul Rehman says . Roona 's head grew to a circumference of 94 centimeters , almost triple the size of a normal baby . There were ten liters of excess fluid inside her brain . Her head was so heavy she could barely move . Hydrocephalus is more common among infants and older adults . The condition is caused by overproduction , obstruction or lack of absorption of the cerebral fluid in the brain . The skin of her head has stretched so far , it pulled her eyelids over her eyes , making it impossible for Roona to see . Her mother , Fatima Begum , would draw eyebrows on Roona with black kohl everyday just to try and make her look more normal . "  She had such a big head , it was scary for people to see her , " Fatima explains . Roona may be Abdul and Fatima 's only child , but they could n't afford to treat her . Roona 's 18-year-old father works at a brick kiln earning less than $ 3 a day . For more than a year and a half , they took care of Roona in their two-room mud hut , with little knowledge or means of doing much else . In April this year , a journalist took photos of Roona and soon people all over the world including two Norwegian students Natalie Krantz and Jonas Borchgrevink were moved by her condition . Krantz and Borchgrevink put Roona 's photo on a crowd funding website , hoping to raise $ 1,600 to cover her shunt surgery . In two months , they raised double that amount , and by August 2013 , they raised more than $ 60,000 . They 've transferred half of this amount to the charity arm of Fortis Hospital in New Delhi for her treatment . The hospital covered the remaining half of the expenses . The students plan to send the remaining amount for Roona 's aftercare . When Roona arrived at Fortis , her condition shocked even chief neurosurgeon Sandeep Vaishya , who has treated hundreds of children with hydrocephalus . "  We had never seen anything like that and we were completely clueless as to how we 'd go about treating her . There was no precedent of treating a child with such an extreme case of hydrocephalus . We learned as we went , " Vaishya says . Initially , Vaishya was n't hopeful about the surgery . Roona was malnourished , she had major infections on the back of her head from the pressure of lying down all day , and her skin was very thin and delicate . Cerebral shunt is the standard treatment for hydrocephalus . It 's a simple procedure which involves inserting a drainage tube to keep the fluids flowing at the proper rate . But due to the size of Roona 's head and her small , frail body , Roona 's treatment was particularly challenging . Vaishya says the surgery posed a huge risk to her life , and at one point they almost lost her . Much to the relief of her parents and her doctors , Roona has pulled through . After five surgeries , Roona 's head is now down to a circumference of 58 centimeters , still larger than the average 38 to 48 centimeters , but small enough to allow her to live a reasonably normal life . She constantly moves her head around , she is playful and most importantly , she can now see . She is finally getting the chance to be the baby she really is . "  It feels really good to see her now , she looks beautiful and happy , " Fatima says . Back in her village , Roona has become the center of attention . It 's still painful for her to sit up but she smiles a lot , and her eyes , now visible , keep wandering in a frenzied pace . "  We want Roona to read and write once she grows up . Both of us  mother and father  are illiterate so we do n't want her to be like us . We want her to have a bright future , " Fatima says . It 's too early to tell if Roona will ever be completely normal in her appearance as several operations still lie ahead , but the signs thus far are promising .	Just 18 months old , Roona Begum has had multiple surgeries for extreme hydrocephalus Her head tripled in size from due to a build up of cerebral fluid soon after birth She had been given months to live , but underwent surgery funded by donations Two Norwegian students heard of her plight and raised $ 60,000 for surgery
CNN  -- In this age of austerity , America is run by men with wealth that could have leapt from the pages of "  The Great Gatsby . " The president 's worth is estimated at $ 8.3 million , while Mitt Romney 's is placed at a staggering $ 255 million . Both have tried to make a character issue out of each other 's lifestyle -- conservatives complain that President Barack Obama takes too many vacations and White House aides say that Romney is living on "  another planet . " Given his wealth , Romney could probably afford to buy one . He has filed an application to bulldoze his $ 12 million house in La Jolla , California , and build an even bigger one on top of it . How can either of these men empathize with the financial plight of America 's middle class ? American democracy is saturated with cash . Last week in Wisconsin , Gov. Scott Walker spent $ 30.5 million to beat Tom Barrett , who personally raised just $ 3.9 million . Adding super PAC spending , the race generated about $ 63.5 million . Tea party members will say that Democrats have little right to complain about the amount of money spent on a recall election that they triggered . But there 's no denying that the Supreme Court 's Citizens United decision , which opened the floodgates for corporate campaign contributions , helped Walker keep his governorship . Forbes estimates that 14 billionaires gave to the Republican incumbent ; only one of them lives in Wisconsin . Discussion about the role of money in politics invariably centers on campaign donations . But with such gigantic sums flying around , there has to be a cultural impact , too . Politics has become so saturated with cash that its protagonists have started to feel surreally detached from everyday life . On the Democratic side , there was Anna Wintour 's bizarre ad celebrating her wonderful life and inviting Obama supporters to have dinner with her and Sarah Jessica Parker . For the Republicans , you may remember Romney 's attempt to make a $ 10,000 bet with Rick Perry . But the best has to be Rick Santorum 's moving claim that he , too , had suffered in the credit crunch because his house fell 25 % in value . Before you well up , that 's a fall from $ 2 million to $ 1.6 million . Everybody suspects that politicians are rolling in money , but a review of the figures might surprise even the most cynical . The average citizens ' annual income is $ 49,445 . In 2010 , the average net worth of a U.S. senator was $ 13.2 million , and the average worth of a House member was $ 5.9 million . The wealth is spread across both parties : In fact , seven out of 10 of the richest senators are Democrats . Romney , Obama : Why they have trouble connecting One side effect is that Washington has gained impressive financial and cultural clout . In 2011 , Washington became the richest city in the United States . Its average income of $ 84,000 is 60 % higher than the national median . There are several reasons for this . Washington is surrounded by rich suburbs ; the government actually grew during the recession , and federal employee compensation averages out at $ 126,000 . Most importantly , the city is a magnet for lobbyists . Lobbying and campaign work have become big businesses that offer huge dollar rewards to rival the returns of 1980s junk bonds . Betting on candidates or special interests has become a form of speculation : Land a big client and a lobbyist could cream off a sizable percentage . Then there 's the Wall Street money . Since 1998 , the financial sector has outspent any other sector in lobbying , to the tune of $ 4.6 billion . In 2011 , it employed more than 1,000 lobbyists and spent more than $ 82 million . Of course , most members of Congress earned their money the good old-fashioned way  including marrying and inheriting it  , and the voter should n't necessarily hold their success against them . One politician who stands out for having a comparatively unsettled financial situation is Obama . Yes , his $ 8.3 million is a lot of money , but he comes from an unusually impoverished background , including a period lived on food stamps . His contemporary wealth is built on a mix of his salary and royalties from his popular books . Still the days of the citizen legislator are long gone . The intensity of luxury and wealth has to affect the ability of lawmakers to empathize with voters on very low salaries or none at all . It 's easy to imagine that the debate over health care reform or the Bush tax cuts is affected by the fact that , for many people on the Hill , the former is an academic question and the latter is personally advantageous . This is n't a partisan liberal statement . The median identity of a congressman is a rich , white , middle-aged , male lawyer . There is a deficit of experience of running a business or trying to survive on welfare payments . There is a good case for another round of campaign finance reform , although Citizens United will make any such effort hard to accomplish . But even if individual or corporate contributions were limited , this would n't affect a bigger cultural problem in contemporary Washington . Government is increasingly run by people who , financially , have little in common with their constituents . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Timothy Stanley .	Tim Stanley : The $ 30.5 million Scott Walker spent to keep his Wisconsin seat was staggering Stanley says the amount of money thrown around in politics makes politicians seem detached He says average member of Congress is worth millions ; presidential candidates are , too Washington 's power elite has little in common with average citizens , he says
CNN  -- Lights went off across the world Saturday as millions of homes and businesses went dark for one hour in a symbolic gesture highlighting concerns over climate change . The lights go off Saturday at the Houses of Parliament and the Big Ben clock tower in central London . More than 2,800 cities and towns worldwide dimmed their lights at 8:30 p.m. local time for the third annual Earth Hour -- a day-long energy-saving marathon spanning 83 countries and 24 time zones . In New York , the Empire State Building , Central Park and the George Washington Bridge went dark at 8:30 p.m. ET . The Philippines topped this year 's participation for Asia , with more than 650 communities taking part in the event , according to Earth Hour 's Web site . The light illuminating the face of the landmark Big Ben clock tower in London , England , went out at 8:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  . In Dubai , iReporter Sharad Agarwal turned out the lights and sat down to a candlelit dinner with his family . "  I personally believe in going green and everything that goes with it , " Agarwal told CNN . In Australia , floodlights of the Sydney Opera House were extinguished as the city 's iconic harbor kicked off events for Earth Hour . The event 's Web site reported that hundreds of people lined the harbor for a glimpse of the dimming skyline at 8:30 pm . Sydney became the birthplace of the Earth Hour campaign in 2007 when 2.2 million turned off their lights , igniting a grass-roots movement that has become a global phenomenon . In China , illuminations at major buildings including the "  Bird 's Nest " Olympic Stadium and the Water Cube were extinguished as 20 cities joined in , according to the official Xinhua news agency . Other landmarks around the world expected to join the World Wildlife Fund-sponsored event were the Egyptian pyramids , Vatican , Niagara Falls , the Eiffel Tower , the Empire State Building , the Acropolis in Athens and the Las Vegas casino strip . CNN iReporter Marie Sager of Los Angeles , California , said she planned to hike up to the Griffith Observatory to experience the massive lights-out event . "  A good portion of the city is participating . We 'll see the Capital Records sign go out . A lot of these places have n't turned out their lights in awhile , " Sager said . Event sponsors hoped participating U.S. cities would set an example for the rest of the world . Watch actor Edward Norton and Carter Roberts of the World Wildlife Fund discuss event " "  We think we are going to have 100 million people around the world sending a message that climate change is real , and we need to take action now , " World Wildlife Fund CEO Carter Roberts told CNN . "  The world is watching to see what America is going to do , " he said , "  because if America acts on climate change , the world will follow . " Earth Hour events got off to an unofficial start in the remote Chatham Islands in the southern Pacific Ocean where locals switched off their diesel generators , organizers said . Shortly afterward , 44 New Zealand cities and town joined in the event . Organizers say they hope this year 's event will send a message to world leaders meeting Copenhagen , Denmark , in December for a major summit on climate change . "  We are asking one billion people to take part in what is essentially the first global vote for action on climate change by turning off their lights for one hour and casting a vote for earth , " said executive director Andy Ridley .	Lights go out over Sydney Harbor as city launches Earth Hour 650 communities in Philippines flip the switch Millions of homes and businesses were expected to join event Organizers hope event will send message on climate change to world leaders
CNN  -- In advance of Friday , the first anniversary of the death of Apple 's co-founder , we published a story pondering a question many in the tech world have been asking for a while : Who will be the next Steve Jobs ? We put forward seven names , along with pros and cons for each : Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos , Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg , Apple CEO Tim Cook , Apple Senior Vice President Jonathan Ive , Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer , Paypal and Tesla Motors co-founder and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk , and SCVNGR and LevelUP CEO Seth Priebatsch . What followed was a lively , mostly thoughtful discussion by you , our readers . Hundreds of people took to the comments section to reflect on Jobs ' legacy  the good , the bad and the ugly of it  and consider the question at hand . You gave your opinions on the folks we mentioned , suggested names that we did n't include and pondered whether anyone can ever be another Jobs -- or whether anyone should be . Here are some of our favorite comments from the discussion  with minor tweaks for spelling and grammar  . On how our candidates in the story stack up : groo22 Elon Musk is fantastic . He 's either going to be one of the best CEOs ever , or he 's going to burn out with the most inventive vision probably anyone ever had . I hope he has success . You ca n't compare him to Steve Jobs though , their goals are not the same . Elon is way better and may very well cement his name as the best CEO of this generation and possibly this century . Piscesgal609 I 'm not much of a techie , but I 'd have to say Zuckerberg because Facebook , like Apple , has changed the world and the way we do things . Plus they 're both geeks and started at a very young age , both are arrogant , etc. . bhartman36 Of the people pictured , I 'd say the "  next Jobs " title has to go to Bezos . In fact , I think Amazon 's innovations began to eclipse those of Apple even before Jobs ' death . There 's more growth and innovation going on between one generation of Kindle  be they e-ink or Fire  to the next than there is between one generation of iPhone/iPod/iPad to the next . Brian Jones Jeff Bezos , Mark Zuckerberg and Marissa Mayer -- we need products we can touch and experience , not folks running server farms . My vote goes to Elon Musk . Just like Jobs , when others pooh-poohed his ideas , he made it happen . rkel I would say Musk . The guy truly innovated how we do e-commerce , and SpaceX is another bold idea . To say that he has n't changed how we live is shortsighted , considering the effect Paypal has on commerce and what it has pioneered online . It may not be as direct to touch , but most any time I buy something online , he is involved . Big ideas and big vision , stuff that seems so radical , that is where innovation will come from . On whom we left out : njsokalski Do n't forget about the other big Steve : Steve Ballmer of Microsoft . Microsoft has started joining the hardware side of the industry along with the software side , and they are also growing in the mobile and consumer parts as well . Yes , they are still a little bigger with commercial & business customers , but consumers are becoming a bigger part of that . Also , do n't forget developers . I do software , app and web development at home , and that has not only helped keep me as a Microsoft customer , but helped me discover and love even more Microsoft products . ayacsa Without a doubt it 's Mark Shuttleworth , the man behind the Ubuntu Linux Distribution and Canonical , the company that supports Ubuntu . Swoops07 I think the question should be , who will be the next Bill Gates ? Gates has done more to shape the world than Jobs could have ever done . He has also given back so much more than the greedy Steve Jobs . Gates has literally saved lives with his generosity . Michael Wellman Technologically speaking , Gates certainly has done more to advance the current state of technology than any one single person  that I can think of  currently living . ... He may not have been as trendy as Jobs or had the eye for trendsetting like Jobs did  though , even that is arguable , as most of the work was done by Apple 's fleet of designers  , but he certainly has a better heart and mind . Others mentioned : Twitter and Square co-founder Jack Dorsey , Google creators Sergey Brin and Larry Page , Qualcomm CEO Paul Jacobs and , for reasons we ca n't quite comprehend , Vladimir Putin . There wo n't  or should n't  be another Steve Jobs : BadaJohn There is no one as complex , demanding , quirky or brilliant -- all wrapped up in one package -- as Jobs . Truly unique . Wo n't be another like him . KeyserSozeRu We really do n't need another Steve Jobs . R.I.P. . We need another Einstein , another Churchill , a lot more da Vincis , another Lincoln , more  Martin  Luther Kings , Gandhis , Beethovens , Chaplins ... and Chuck Norris ! Seriously , Steve Jobs is way overrated . Even as a manager he sucked . madelefant No one . I have sort of a theory of an era that begins with Andy Warhol 's soup cans and ends with Jobs ' death . To me , Andy Warhol 's soup can art conveyed the idea of the iconic image of a physical product living on its own , becoming disembodied . Jobs and Apple became the real-world realization of that . We are at the point where there really is n't anything new to invent in this area . bluewaters4567 Was there the next Edison ? Was there the next Einstein ? Was there the next  scientist Michael  Faraday ? Why should there be a next Jobs ? The beauty of creation is that it never produces duplicates . That is what we do . Rendar888 There are brilliant scientists among us right now creating remarkable things : advanced cybernetics , nanotech , AI , better medicines . If you mean a person who will make new-looking computers and phones , it will be someone we have n't seen yet or have n't been paying attention to . Definitely wo n't be Zuckerberg , Bezos or Mayer . There will always be a new torchbearer . ... They could show up tomorrow .	Friday will be the first anniversary of the death of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs We considered whether any current tech figures will become "  the next Steve Jobs " Readers suggested other candidates , weighed in on our list
CNN  -- The face of 15-year-old Aziza says it all . Her mouth slightly agape , tears stream down her face as she glances around the inside of a helicopter with confusion in her eyes . She looks completely exhausted , overcome with emotion . She cries the whole flight to safety . The Iraqi air force and fighters with the Kurdish peshmerga carried out a dramatic rescue mission Monday at Mount Sinjar , taking supplies to desperate Yazidis and ferrying a handful of people out , including Aziza . A CNN crew was on the flight that took diapers , milk , water and food to the site where thousands of people have been driven by ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . Map : Where is ISIS ? CNN 's Ivan Watson , who was on the chopper , described the mission as "  heroic . " Teams hurled out bags and boxes of food from as high as 50 feet before approaching the ground . "  We landed on several short occasions , and that 's where -- amid this explosion of dust and chaos -- these desperate civilians came racing towards the helicopter , throwing their children on board the aircraft . The crew was just trying to pull up as many people as possible , " Watson said . Soon , some of the trapped families -- including babies and the elderly -- were packed into the flight . A man held a water bottle for a woman trying drink , her head propped up on his shoulder . Others did n't make it and were left behind as the helicopter pulled away . "  It was chaotic . It was crazy , but we were able to then lift off with about 20 civilians , " Watson said . Iraq 's Yazidis trapped , hiding from ISIS in the mountains Kurdish official warns of genocide Yazidis , among Iraq 's smallest minorities , are of Kurdish descent , and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity , Judaism and Zoroastrianism . One of the oldest religious communities in the world , they have long suffered persecution , with many Muslims referring to them as devil worshippers . More than a week ago , they fled into the surrounding mountains when ISIS fighters stormed the town of Sinjar . Now , trapped without food , water or medical care in the summer heat , thousands of families are in desperate need of help . A senior Kurdish official warned Monday of the potential of genocide against the Yazidi people . Speaking to CNN 's Watson , Fazil Mirani repeatedly called for a humanitarian intervention . He estimated that as many as 70,000 people remain trapped on Mount Sinjar , and that at least 100 people have died so far from dehydration and the heat . CNN could not independently confirm those estimates . Who are the religious and ethnic groups under threat from ISIS ? ` They flew in shooting ; they flew out shooting ' The United States on Monday conducted airstrikes on four ISIS checkpoints and "  multiple " ISIS vehicles near Mount Sinjar , according to U.S. Central Command . "  Our aircraft remain positioned to strike any terrorist forces around the mountain who threaten the safety of these families , " President Barack Obama said the same day . "  We 're working with international partners to develop options to bring them to safety . " Back on the helicopter , the relief of those already rescued was palpable . The crowd on board burst into tears as the chopper took off . Young and old , women and men , civilians and servicemen -- all cried with the intensity of the moment . Gunners had to open fire at the ground in order to make it away from ISIS . "  They flew in shooting ; they flew out shooting , " Watson reported . "  There was not a dry eye on the aircraft . " Who are the Yazidis ? Why does ISIS want to kill them ? CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	The United States conducts airstrikes around Mount Sinjar Yazidis fled there to escape the march of ISIS A CNN crew was on the rescue flight Yazidis , among Iraq 's smallest minorities , are of Kurdish descent
CNN  -- In this installment of "  The Big Three , " John Avlon , Dean Obeidallah and I discuss the top news in a crowded news week . First , of course , is the Boston Marathon bombing , which shocked and captivated the country . Second , we look at the failure of universal background checks to pass the U.S. Senate despite the support of nearly 90 % of Americans . And third -- on a lighter note -- we note Justin Beiber 's self-absorbed understanding of Anne Frank 's legacy . I was in Boston on Monday when the blasts erupted at the marathon finish line . I arrived at Logan Airport and was scheduled to participate in a panel discussion at Harvard University 's Institute of Politics . As I pulled up to the Kennedy School of Public Policy , the building was being evacuated for bomb threats , and reports -- which later turned out to be false -- of another explosion at the JFK Presidential Library . Boston was , understandably , in a panic . Monday brought back memories of 9/11 for all Americans . In our podcast , we talked about the public reaction to this attack . We cite examples such as liberal radio host Dave Sirota and Rep. Steve King 's polarized projections on the attack and its perpetrators , and look at how and why we 've changed over the past 12 years . Four months after the school shooting in Newtown , Connecticut , a bipartisan compromise amendment to secure universal background checks failed in Senate . John and Dean expressed a combination of fury and frustration that the Senate failed to pass a single gun control measure . While I understand their frustration and favor background checks , I 'm wary of passing laws that make us feel safer but do little to actually prevent the next Newtown . On a much lighter note , we decided to take on Justin Beiber 's visit to the Anne Frank house in Amsterdam , inspired by an excellent column Dean wrote for CNN.com . Beiber visited the historic home and Holocaust memorial and wrote in the guest book , "  Anne was a great girl . Hopefully she would have been a Belieber . " This inane bit of Hollywood self-reference reflects the dumbing down of America , courtesy of our obsession with celebrity gossip instead of civics and history . One possible silver lining : This was a teaching moment for thousands of Beliebers who had never heard of Anne Frank . Get a real hero , folks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Margaret Hoover .	CNN Opinion podcast features the "  Big Three " issues on the week Margaret Hoover : Boston Marathon bombing was the top story Hoover : The defeat of a gun-control bill in the Senate irked John and Dean Bieber 's trivializing of Anne Frank reflects a dumbed-down America , Hoover says
Lawmakers in Bahrain have passed tough new laws for "  terrorism acts " ahead of massive protests planned by the opposition next month . The National Assembly , in a session Sunday , approved new penalties for those who commit or incite "  terrorism , " including stripping Bahrainis of citizenship . Legislators also banned any demonstrations in the tiny kingdom 's capital , Manama . The anti-government opposition bloc has called for mass protests on August 14 . According to BNA , Bahrain 's National Institution for Human Rights praised the efforts "  to protect the Kingdom 's gains and future generations and  face  the recent dangerous escalation that aim at pushing the country to unrest and political tension , which is contrary to the Islamic values and international norms , conventions and treaties . " But global human rights activists have denounced what they call appalling human rights abuses by Bahraini authorities , particularly in the past few years . In April , Human Rights Watch said Bahraini security forces had raided homes and arbitrarily detained a number of prominent anti-government protest leaders . Bahrain is an ally of the United States and home to the 5th Fleet , a large U.S. naval presence in the Persian Gulf . Tensions in the kingdom remain high following the 2011 uprising , in which the majority Shiite population protested against the ruling Sunni minority . The protests were spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But the demonstrations failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates under the banner of the Gulf Cooperation Council .	Legislators ban demonstrations The opposition bloc has called for protests on August 14 New law includes provision for stripping Bahrainis who commit "  terrorism " of citizenship
CNN  -- Terrilynn Monette had no problem uprooting her life to help children . When the California native learned of the "  teachNOLA " program , which sends educators to New Orleans to teach in impoverished areas , she packed her bags and headed to Louisiana . "  I always wanted to be a teacher , and what better place to teach than New Orleans , where passionate teachers are needed most ? " she said in a 2011 video . Her dedication and excellence in the classroom earned her a "  Teacher of the Year " nomination in her district . But after a night celebrating the accolade with friends , the 26-year-old vanished . That was almost two weeks ago . With each passing day , her family 's anxiety compounds . "  There 's total emptiness in my life right now . I miss my daughter so , so much , no one can hardly believe the impact that she has had on our family , " said Monette 's mother , Toni Enclade . "  She 's a beautiful person . She walks in the room , she lights up with her beautiful smile . I ca n't imagine anyone that would take her away from us . " Hundreds of volunteers and police have scoured New Orleans , but are no closer to finding Monette . She left no clues behind . A night of celebration New Orleans police said she was last seen on March 2 at Parlay 's , a bar in the Lakeview area of the city . One of the bartenders working that night had to "  cut off " Monette , indicating the bartender felt she had had too much to drink and should no longer be served , bar manager Anna Boudousque said . Monette told her friends she was going to sleep in her car before driving home because she had been drinking , police said . She was seen about 4 a.m. talking to an unidentified man in the parking lot , police said . Authorities said that man has been interviewed and is not considered a suspect in the disappearance . Jefferson Parish sheriff 's deputies even used magnets and grappling hooks to search a local bayou between the bar and Monette 's home , but found no sign of her missing 2012 black Honda Accord . On Wednesday , search workers found a vehicle in the waters of Bayou St. John , but it was determined not to be Monette 's car , police said . The vehicle was discovered by Equusearch , an independent search and rescue team out of Texas that has volunteered to help police comb the lagoons and waterways of New Orleans City Park . It discovered the car using a small sonar device attached to a boat that swept the waterway . Police then sent divers down to examine the vehicle , and confirmed it did not belong to Monette . Equusearch found additional vehicles , the group said Thursday , but none fit the description of Monette 's car . Enclade said she believes someone has taken her daughter -- a new aunt -- against her will . "  Terrilynn was supposed to be the baby 's godmother , and I know she would n't have just left on her own like that , " she said . A star teacher In her first year of teaching second grade at Woodland West Elementary School , Monette turned one of the lowest-performing classes into one of the highest achieving . "  She is wonderful , she is vibrant . She is determined . She holds her students to the highest of expectations , " Principal Amy Hoyle said . "  She is very loving with her students . They are a family . " Enclade said she and her daughter usually speak every day , and it 's extremely uncharacteristic for Monette to drop out of sight . Friends and family have erected a billboard in downtown New Orleans seeking help in finding Monette . They also created a Facebook page . "  It hurts , " Monette 's aunt , Sheryl Bennett , told CNN affiliate WDSU . "  There 's a lot of danger out here . " But in her 2011 video , Monette said she had no qualms about starting her teaching career in New Orleans . "  I absolutely do not regret my decision to move out here . Becoming a teacher in New Orleans is one of the best decisions I 've ever made in my entire life . " CNN 's Nick Valencia , Tristan Smith and Michael Pearson contributed to this report .	NEW : Workers find additional vehicles , but none is the teacher 's missing Honda Accord Terrilynn Monette was last seen on March 2 at a bar in New Orleans ' Lakeview area Monette was out celebrating her "  Teacher of the Year " nomination when she vanished Principal : Monette turned a low-performing class into one of the highest achieving
EW.com  -- In the rude , antic , and brazenly funny "  Wedding Crashers "  2005  , Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn played overgrown arrested-development cases who won us over from their very first whopping lie onward . At the time , the two actors were already in their mid-30s , but they were still able to mount a bad-boy generational assault against all things civil and decent . "  The Internship " reunites Wilson , with his smarm-that-looks-like-sweetness  or is it the other way around ?  , and Vaughn , with his disaffected fast patter . The audience is still rooting for them -- only this time the two are playing the older , stodgy guys . They 're Nick  Wilson  and Billy  Vaughn  , designer-watch salesman who lose their careers in what seems like the tick of a second hand . Tossed into a dead-end job market , without any real prospects , they talk their way into an internship on the sprawling , buzzy Silicon Valley campus of Google , where they 're pitted against a bunch of brainiac 20-year-olds who live and breathe technology and do n't get any of the pair 's pathetically ancient pop-culture references  Stalag 17 , anyone ?  . Directed by the workmanlike Shawn Levy  who made the Night at the Museum films and Date Night  , the movie is a halfway clever cookie-cutter culture-clash comedy , but there 's a reason that it lacks the highs of "  Wedding Crashers : " The Internship puts us on the side of those who are trying to hold on to respectability , not tear it down . The movie was made with the cooperation of Google , which is why its basic attitude toward the search engine that changed the world is one of unironic reverence . True , the place can come off looking a bit goofy and obsessive . The leader of the internship program is Mr. Chetty  The Daily Show 's Aasif Mandvi  , a po-faced corporate guru who lights up whenever he extols the virtues of ethereal concepts like " Googliness . " And when the army of interns gets divvied up into a dozen competing teams , only one of which will ultimately land jobs there , Nick and Bill are stuck with the social outliers that no one else wants -- the geeks among geeks . They 're led by Lile  Josh Brener  , a shrimpy , horn-rimmed genius who tries to fit in by saying things like " fo shizzle . "  He 's clearly been saying that since he was about five . The actors cast as Google interns are likable and mildly amusing in a "  Revenge of the Nerds " 2013 way . But I wish that at least one of them had been given a major voice , a way of making the tech banter seem hilariously cool . The likeliest candidate would have been Stuart  Dylan O'Brien  , with his sullen stare and open contempt for our heroes , but the character loses his superior edge over time , which is the movie 's mistake . It 's up to Nick and Bill to teach these brilliant losers how to live , and what that comes down to is showing them that it 's fun to let go and do Tequila shots and dance like crazy and hit on people . How rebellious ! The Internship was written by Vaughn and Jared Stern , and it 's got little jabs of wit , like the scene in which Nick and Bill are duped into addressing a bald instructor in a wheelchair as " Professor Charles Xavier "  he is not pleased  . A lot of the film is devoted to showing how the cult of technology and the human element do n't need to be opposed ; they can , and should , work hand in hand . That 's a nice message  and it 's certainly a swell advertisement for Google  , but it 's not a funny message . "  The Internship " gets so caught up in healing the generational divide that it 's ostensibly about -- the analog dudes vs. the digital kids -- that the movie ends up being just a pleasant collection of mild laughs . It needed more spin , more Googliness . Grade : B CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn last teamed up in "  The Wedding Crashers " "  The Internship " finds them vying for spots at Google Critic calls it a "  pleasant collection of mild laughs "
CNN  -- In today 's technology-laden society , hearing of crimes solved or cold cases cracked with state-of-the-art tech tools has become commonplace . But for one New Jersey family all it took to catch an alleged thief was a camera and a little luck . John Myers and his family from Bloomfield , New Jersey , were visiting Madison , Wisconsin , to attend a friend 's wedding Saturday at the state Capitol . According to Myers , the family went outside after the ceremony to take pictures . He decided it would be a good idea to take a family portrait with his digital camera , and he set a bag down next to the building before stepping away to snap the shot . Unbeknown to him , Myers -- as he captured the scene -- also caught a person red-handed stealing his bag . "  Looking back now it was n't a good idea to leave my bag so far away , " Myers told CNN on Tuesday . "  But I just was n't thinking of it at the time . " Myers looked at the picture quickly but admits he was checking just to make sure everyone came out OK . It was only after walking away that he realized he had forgotten his bag -- which contained his wallet , hotel and rental car keys and other family valuables . Myers said that when he returned to the spot , the bag was missing . No one had turned it in at the information center inside the Capitol . He realized then that someone must have taken it . After stepping outside the building and seeing wedding photographers , he decided to take a second look at the pictures he had just taken . It turned out to be the right hunch . In the background of the family portrait , Myers saw an image of someone reaching into his bag as it sat . He took it to the Wisconsin Capitol Police , which immediately went into action . "  The Capitol Police are amazing , " Myers said . "  I fully expected to have them tell us to just fill a report -LSB- out -RSB- or -LSB- to -RSB- tell us there was n't much they could do , but -LSB- they -RSB- responded immediately and because they did , they were able to catch -LSB- a suspect -RSB- . " After Myers showed the pictures , two officers were immediately dispatched to look for a suspect , while a third stayed with Myers and sent out a description . Within 15 minutes , Myers said , police had arrested a suspect and also located the bag and all his belongings , some of which had been thrown away during the heist . According to Wisconsin authorities , a homeless man identified as Glenn R. Lambright was arrested . He was released Tuesday from Dane County Jail on a signature bond . It was not known Tuesday night whether Lambright had an attorney . Myers said the quick police response pleasantly surprised him . "  I caught the picture , but I was even more amazed they managed to find the person since all they had to go on was his clothing -- his face was n't in the picture , " he said .	A New Jersey man snapped a photo of his family during a trip to Wisconsin The photo also caught the image of someone allegedly making off with the man 's bag Among other valuables , the man 's wallet and car keys were in the bag Wisconsin Capitol Police quickly apprehended a suspect and returned the bag
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The original judge has been dead for 15 years , and no one has been able to find the criminal case file since 2004 . Yet a 1977 sex scandal involving famed director Roman Polanski and a 13-year-old girl continues to stalk the courts of Los Angeles . Academy Award-winning director Roman Polanski has n't left France in 30 years because of a U.S. fugitive warrant . Attorneys for the 75-year-old Academy Award-winning director asked a judge Tuesday to put the matter to rest once and for all . But a judge denied the request , saying the director must show up in court to obtain a ruling . That poses problems for Polanksi because prosecutors have vowed to seek his arrest on a bench warrant the minute he sets foot in the United States . The bench warrant was issued when Polanski failed to appear for sentencing more than 30 years ago . Lawyers Douglas Dalton and Chad Hummel last month filed a 239-page dismissal "  request , " citing allegations brought to light in the documentary , "  Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired . " The documentary was first broadcast in June on HBO , which shares a corporate parent with CNN . The court filing alleges that a meddling prosecutor who believed Polanski should be behind bars improperly influenced a judge to ignore the terms of a plea bargain , as well as the wishes of the district attorney 's office , the probation officer and the victim . None of them wanted Polanski to serve jail time . Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Peter Espinoza left the door open to reconsider his ruling if Polanski , who has lived in exile in France since 1977 , shows up in court . "  It 's hard to contest some of the behavior in the documentary was misconduct , " Espinoza said in court . But he declined to dismiss the case entirely , a decision that did n't surprise legal experts who said such rulings are extremely rare . "  You have to give -LSB- Polanski attorney -RSB- Chad Hummel the creative lawyering of the year award , " said legal analyst Laurie Levinson , a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles . Espinoza in effect said he was tossing out the request without considering whether it has merit because Polanski has n't shown up for court . But he suspended his ruling , writing that "  if the defendant submits to the jurisdiction of this Court within 30 days , the Court shall consider the merits of the motion . " Polanski 's victim is among those calling for the case to be tossed out . Larry Silver , the victim 's lawyer , said he was disappointed in the ruling and that Espinoza "  did not get to the merits and consider the clear proof of both judicial and prosecutorial corruption . " He argued in court that had "  Mr. Polanski been treated fairly " his client would not still be suffering because of publicity almost 32 years after the incident . Levinson said the victim 's support may offer a sliver of hope for Polanski . "  The best thing he has going is the victim , " she said . "  In this age of victims ' rights , if I were the lawyer I would be playing that card too . " But prosecutors have consistently argued that dismissing the Polanski case would be a miscarriage of justice , allowing a man who "  drugged and raped a 13-year-old child " to go free . Polanski 's attorneys back up the allegation with a DVD of the documentary , a script , a copy of Polanski 's 1977 pre-sentencing report and various court transcripts , interviews and declarations . They paint a picture of backroom conversations between a prosecutor itching for a piece of the case and a judge so image conscious that he kept a scrapbook of media clippings , asked lawyers to "  stage " Polanski 's sentencing hearing and feared criticism if he did n't send the director to prison . Allegations of prosecutorial and judicial misconduct are commonly raised on appeal , but only a small percentage of these appeals succeed . Polanski pleaded guilty in 1977 to a single count of having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor . The director , his lawyer and the prosecutor handling the case believed they 'd hammered out a deal that would spare the young victim a public trial and Polanski jail time , according to the filing . The first surprise came when Judge Laurence J. Rittenband sent Polanski to prison for "  diagnostic testing " to determine whether he was what then was called a "  mentally disturbed sex offender . "  The results came in after Polanski spent 42 days at a maximum security prison . He was n't . The second surprise came on the eve of sentencing , when Rittenband informed the attorneys that he was inclined to send Polanski back to prison for another 48 days . Polanksi fled the United States and has been living in exile in France ever since . Previous attempts to resolve the case failed , including a recently disclosed secret negotiation in 1997 . The sticking point has always been Polanski 's refusal to come to court because he would face almost certain arrest the moment he set foot in the United States . As a director , Polanski is best known for the films "  Rosemary 's Baby , " "  Chinatown " and "  The Pianist , " a 2002 drama about the Holocaust that won him the Oscar for best director . But he is also known for a personal life tinged with tragedy . He was born in France and moved to Poland with his parents as a small child . Later , he escaped Krakow 's Jewish ghetto and hid from the Nazis with the help of strangers . His mother died at Auschwitz . He endured the anti-Semitism of post-war Europe , attended film school and directed "  Knife in the Water , " which won a 1963 Oscar nomination for best foreign-language film . He then came to Southern California to make "  Rosemary 's Baby . " As he was making his mark in Hollywood , Polanski was also making headlines in connection with two lurid Los Angeles crimes in the 1960s and '70s . Polanski was filming in Europe when members of Charles Manson 's "  family " butchered the director 's pregnant wife , actress Sharon Tate , and four others in August 1969 . Eight years later , he stood accused of plying a 13-year-old girl with champagne and a sliver of a quaalude tablet and performing various sex acts , including intercourse , with her during a photo shoot at actor Jack Nicholson 's house . Nicholson was not at home , but his girlfriend at the time , actress Anjelica Huston , was . According to a probation report contained in the filing , Huston described the victim as "  sullen . " She added , "  She appeared to be one of those kind of little chicks between -- could be any age up to 25 . She did not look like a 13-year-old scared little thing . " Huston said Polanski did not strike her as the type of man who would force himself on a young girl . "  I do n't think he 's a bad man , " she said in the report . "  I think he 's an unhappy man . " As she has from the beginning , the victim says Polanksi should n't go to prison . Samantha Geimer , now 45 , married and a mother of three children , sued Polanski and received an undisclosed settlement . She long ago came forward and made her identity public -- mainly , she said , because she was disturbed by how the criminal case had been handled . Earlier this month she filed a court declaration accusing prosecutors of victimizing her yet again by publicizing graphic details of the sexual encounter . The makers of the documentary also talked with people who played roles behind the scenes . From those interviews , the tale of alleged backroom dealings emerged . Former prosecutor David Wells was regularly assigned to Rittenband 's Santa Monica courtroom . He handled routine matters and told the filmmakers he had the judge 's ear . "  I was in the court every day , " he said in an interview with the filmmakers . "  So Rittenband -LSB- would -RSB- ask me questions about the thing because he counted on me , or whoever was his favorite DA at the time , to advise him on what the -- what the law was , criminal law . He was very good at civil law , but criminally , he left that to his DAs to do . " Although he was involved in the early stages of the investigation , Wells was taken off the Polanski case . He said he was "  miffed " at the way it was handled because he believed Polanski should go to jail . Wells recommended the 90 days of diagnostic testing to the judge because Polanski would be in a prison setting but could n't appeal , he said . Wells told the filmmakers he showed the judge a photo of the director at an Oktoberfest celebration while the sentence was pending . "  I took the picture into Judge Rittenband . I said , ` Judge , ' I said , ` Look here . He 's flipping you off ... ' And I said , ` Have n't you had enough of this ? ' And then he exploded and what happened happened . " Polanski 's attorneys said the conversations were improper "  ex parte " communications -- and nothing short of prosecutorial misconduct . Legal ethics and rules of criminal procedure usually bar one party in a case from discussing it with the judge unless the other side is present . Wells could not be reached for comment . His voice mail was full , and was not accepting new messages . But he recently told the Los Angeles Times that he did nothing wrong and that he still strongly feels Polanski should go to prison . It will be Judge Peter Espinoza 's call on how to handle a celebrity case that appears to have been snakebitten from the start . CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Judge denies motion to throw out charges , at least until director appears Roman Polanski fled U.S. before his sentencing in '70s Director acknowledged having unlawful sexual intercourse with a minor Previous attempts to resolve the 1977 sex case have failed
CNN  -- Less than a week before The Academy Awards , Scarlett Johansson had yet to make a starlet 's most scrutinized fashion decision : Her Oscar dress . Her stylist , the renowned celebrity dresser Nicole Chavez , was n't worried . Tight deadlines are as common as paparazzi in this industry . "  What it comes down to is -- may the best dress win , " said Chavez , whose clients include Rachel Bilson , Kristen Bell and Katherine Heigl . "  I stay organized and maintain close relationships with designers and colleagues , so it 's more fun than stressful . " Johansson , who was asked to present an Oscar two weeks ago , was measured for a gown four days before the event . Chavez , who researches styles from around the globe , asked : What silhouette ? What color ? What designer ? "  My goal was to make her feel beautiful , happy and comfortable , " she said . "  Find the perfect fit . " Award show culture demands uber-chic attendees , said Chavez . Resplendent , cutting-edge garbs are expected , or style-driven media like E! 's Fashion Police assault a celebrity 's outfit with snarky quips . "  Just because she likes rainbow sherbet does n't mean she has to dress like one , " Joan Rivers said of actress Hailee Steinfeld 's dress after the Screen Actors Guild awards in January . "  I mean , I do n't dress like Metamucil and prunes . " Chavez strives to keep her clients off the "  Worst Dressed " lists . Even with the pressure of the world watching , she said the "  getting ready " process before the annual show is lighthearted . Johansson , who prefers the designs of Elie Saab , Dolce & Gabbana and Oscar de la Renta , will likely be surrounded by friends and family , sipping wine and taking pictures . Chavez , like a close girlfriend , will zip her flowing , complicated gown and arrange matching accessories . "  It 's comparable to a wedding day , " she said . "  Everyone will just be having a good time . " After the Oscars , the fate of an actress ' attire is often similar to a bride 's wedding dress : never to be worn again . Some custom-made styles worth "  tens of thousands of dollars " are returned to designers the next morning , Chavez said . But 80 % of the time , her clients get to keep the dress . "  After the designers make something so special for an actress , they ` gift ' the dresses , " she said . "  The dresses get so much press , so who could really wear them again ? " After a dress is gifted , some celebrities donate their famous threads to charity auctions . Clothes Off Our Backs in Universal City , California , raises money from celebrity goods to benefit Feeding America , a hunger-relief effort ; Malaria No More , an organization determined to end malaria deaths in Africa by 2015 ; Hope North , a boarding school for escaped child soldiers and more . Chavez said there is endless action behind the scenes before and after award shows . "  I feel lucky to put together living , breathing art , " she said . "  Dressing clients for the Oscars is an honor . " As for what Johansson will wear ? "  Well , we can never say for sure until the actual show , " Shavez said . "  So , we 'll see on Sunday ! " For those watching the Academy Awards from home , the celebrity stylist shares five tips for everyday glamour : 1 . Invest in proper undergarments . "  No matter what size or shape you are , Spanx is your best friend . " 2 . Find a great tailor . "  Very few things fit perfect off the rack and tailoring makes all the difference . It can make a $ 70 white button down from the Gap look like a $ 400 dollar fitted Prada shirt . " 3 . Take a digital photo of yourself in the mirror before going out . "  You will be shocked to see what the naked eye does n't ! Black fabric is see-through when a camera flash hits it . No one wants their bra showing in family photos . " 4 . Be prepared for mini fashion emergencies . "  I always carry a needle and thread kit , double-side tape and safety pins in my purse . You never know when you or a friend will be stranded . " 5 . Be confident ! "  When you love the way you look , it translates and people take notice . Fashion is an extension of your personality so have fun and stay true to yourself . "	Behind the scenes , stylists help celebrities prepare for award shows Stylist Nicole Chavez says Oscar dresses can be worth "  tens of thousands of dollars " After the show , dresses are typically returned , kept by the wearer or auctioned for charity
Beijing  CNN  -- China is all set to give out its own first-ever peace prize Thursday , a move apparently to counter the Norwegian Nobel committee 's choice of imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo as this year 's laureate . Organizers told CNN they will present the Confucius Peace Prize -- which comes with an award of $ 15,000 -- in Beijing to promote the ancient sage 's philosophy , a day before the Nobel committee honors Liu in Oslo . "  China is a great nation that has been influenced by the Confucian concept of peace for a long time , " said Tan Changliu , chairman of the awards committee . "  We want to promote world peace from an Eastern perspective . " "  Europe is full of small countries that had fought each other for centuries , " he added . "  We do n't want to see people who do n't understand peace to ruin the concept . " Tan declined to give details about his group -- other than saying it is a non-government organization -- or how the five-judge awards committee operated . His committee has released a vaguely worded statement on its criteria for choosing the winner , but announced this year 's nominees included Nelson Mandela , Bill Gates and the Panchen Lama , a Tibetan Buddhist leader loyal to Beijing . China has responded furiously since the Nobel committee announced its decision on October 8 . Officials have repeatedly called Liu -- currently serving an 11-year sentence for "  inciting subversion " -- a common criminal and the award a Western plot against China . A businessman first proposed a rival peace prize in a commentary on the November 17 edition of Global Times , an English-language newspaper published by the Communist Party mouthpiece People 's Daily . Echoing government spokesmen , Liu Zhiqin said that by awarding the prize to a criminal , the Nobel committee created 1.3 billion "  dissidents " in China . "  We often stress the need to fight for the right to speak , " he wrote . "  China 's civil society should consider setting up a ` Confucius Peace Prize ' ... to declare China 's view on peace and human rights to the world . " China has warned other countries of "  consequences " if they attend Friday 's Nobel ceremony in Oslo . A foreign ministry spokeswoman said Tuesday that more than 100 countries and groups had joined China in boycotting this year 's event . The Nobel committee , which said it had sent out 65 invitations to embassies in Oslo , counted 19 countries that had declined so far -- including China , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Pakistan , Iraq and Iran . Tan , the awards committee chairman for the Confucius Peace Prize , would not divulge the guest list for his event . He confirmed the first honoree is Lien Chan , Taiwan 's former vice president , for his contribution in bridging the gap between the island and mainland China . Lien 's staff said they were surprised to hear the news . "  We know who Confucius is , but do n't know anything about this prize , " said Ting Yuan-chao , director of Lien 's office in Taipei . Despite the perceived rivalry between the two peace prizes , they may have one important thing in common -- the absence of their recipients at this year 's award ceremonies .	The Confucius Peace Prize comes with $ 15,000 The group releases a vaguely-worded statement on the criteria it uses This year 's nominees include Nelson Mandela China has responded furiously to the Nobel committee 's decision to honor Liu
CNN  You can pretend you 're totally someone else at any bar after enough drinks . But to pretend you 're totally somewhere else ? That requires a more inspired atmosphere . The transportive kind . With , say , exotic opium den decor and a last-call gong . Or vintage 1970s home furnishings and a dude in a mustache serving loaded sno-cones out of an old Airstream in the back . Or a fake log cabin featuring flaming toasted marshmallow cocktails and a friendly reminder at the entrance that "  only you can prevent forest fires . " Naturally , all of these drinking scenes are available in Los Angeles -- home to some of the most treasured theme bars anywhere . With so many of them , where do we start ? How about with some favorite haunts , where alcohol would n't be caught dead without a chaser of intoxicating kitsch . The Bigfoot Lodge Theme : Cabin in the woods Neighborhood : Atwater Village Signature drink : Toasted Marshmallow  1921 Tequila Cream , rum , honey , fernet , toasty marshmallows The great outdoors concept runs sufficiently wild at this treasured bar full of stuffed rodents and a local crowd of Angelenos drinking ` round the fire like they 're actually coming in from the cold . Smokey the Bear stands guard at the front entrance . A Sasquatch statue looms by the bar , along with an animatronic squirrel with an ax . Wait staff hustle around in flannel serving drinks called Girl Scout Cookie and Backwoods Banana Hammock . Are you in the Sierras or just some tame bedroom community wedged between L.A. and the Valley ? After enough $ 5 Moscow Mules at happy hour  5-9 p.m.  this may actually turn into a debate . The Bigfoot Lodge , 3172 Los Feliz , Los Angeles ; + 323 662 9227 Good Times at Davey Wayne 's Theme : '70s Neighborhood : Hollywood Signature drink : "  Some People Call Me Maurice "  Cinnamon-infused Vida mezcal , Crème de Cacao , Crème de Menthe , coffee , cream In hipster Hollywood , theme bars come and go about as fast as the latest cocktail craze . One of the latest hit drinking scenes looks like it 's been here since Marcia Brady threw that crazy , naughty house party when Mike and Carol were away for the weekend . While that may be an episode we all sadly missed , fans of the grooviest bygone decade can play it out themselves in this fake '70s - style house and patio -- cleverly hiding behind a fridge door in the back of a faux garage . Inside it 's a swirl of green couches , homey lamps , family photos and hockey trophies on the mantle . DJs spin T. Rex and old Rod Stewart atop a wood-encased TV set . Bartenders pour Old Fashioneds on tap . Out back , crowds veg in hammocks and gather ` round a converted Airstream trailer where sno-cone cocktails are served by a guy sporting a pre - "  Dance Fever " moustache . Best of all , Mom and Dad never seem to come home here . Good Times at Davey Wayne 's , 1611 N. El Centro Ave. , Los Angeles ; + 323 962 3804 Tiki-Ti Theme : Polynesian Neighborhood : Silver Lake Signature drink : Ray 's Mistake  Botanic liqueurs , passion fruit , dark corub rum , "  secret " flavors Never judge a bar by its size . The yardstick of L.A. tiki bars , Tiki-Ti  which can barely fit a yardstick inside of it  has been confirming this wise adage since 1961 when patrons began squeezing into this family-run , overly adorned , shack-like landmark on outer Sunset Boulevard -- home to some of the strongest fruity cocktails between here and Vanuatu . Crammed with an ever-accruing inventory of tiki masks and other South Pacific bric-a-brac  regulars keep bringing in stuff for the walls  , the bar 's dozen stools and handful of tables draw a mishmash of east side hipsters and Jimmy Buffet types . And a line on weekends . Nearly 100 tropical libations are on the drink menu , which includes an Uga Booga  but no wine or beer  and a cocktail wheel for indecisive types to spin . Other crowd pleasers include a smoke-like-it 's - the - '70s policy inside and enough atmosphere to fill a hundred Trader Vic 's . Cash only . Tiki-Ti , 4427 Sunset Blvd. , Hollywood ; +1 323 669 9381 Saddle Ranch Chop House Theme : Urban cowboy Neighborhood : West Hollywood Signature drink : Ranch AMF  vodka , gin , rum , tequila , sweet and sour , Blue Curaçao A big ol' wooden lair done up with hay bales , aged farming equipment , driftwood signs reading "  Rustlers will be shot " and mannequins in racy Western regalia peaking out of second story windows , this steak and taters place with about 100 TVs serves massive enough drinks and ambiance to qualify as an honorary theme bar . Even on the flashy Sunset Strip , Saddle Ranch Chop House stands out a mite . It 's a knee-slappingly welcome relief from the usual velvet-rope attitude doled out on this street . Cocktails are served in 1 1/2 - liter carafes . Out on the patio , there are campfire pits for do-it-yourself s ` more roasting . And , yes , there 's a mechanical bull . It 's the only one  we know of  in Los Angeles -- aside from the three you 'll find in a larger Saddle Ranch location just over the hill at Universal CityWalk . Saddle Ranch Chop House , 8371 Sunset Blvd. , West Hollywood ; +1 323 656 2007 El Carmen Theme : Mexican cantina Neighborhood : Mid-City West Signature drink : La Seductora  Herradura Reposado tequila , agave nectar , watermelon juice , lime juice , cucumbers , mint Are fiery walls aglow with Mexican wrestling posters , ` round-the-calendar Christmas lights and a bull 's head enough to transport you from the actual location of this compact drinking hive  seven blocks from the Beverly Center  into Lucha Libre land ? Por que no ? Especially when factoring in the bar 's huge selection of tequilas  more than 400 at last count  and tasty antojitos menu . On any given weekend night the place is filled with a mezcal-conversant crowd still young enough to count Thursdays as the weekend . And most Wednesdays . El Carmen , 8138 W. 3rd St. , Los Angeles : +1 323 852 1551 Good Luck Bar Theme : Far East Neighborhood : Los Feliz Signature drink : Yee Mee Loo  vodka , white rum , pineapple juice , coconut cream , Blue Curaçao It should come as no surprise in L.A. that the city 's most alluringly overdone Old Orient lounge has been hiding for years on a drab corner of outer Hollywood Boulevard across from an Auto Zone and next door to a vacuum and janitorial supplies store . Do n't be put off by the misleading exteriors . It 's what 's inside that counts . Namely , every opium den decor cliche on the list . Paper lanterns . Bamboo stools . Dragons on the ceiling . Cozy rooms with walls as red as Mao 's Little Book . And do n't forget the last-call gong . All very authentic feeling after enough Singapore Slings . Good Luck Bar , 1514 Hillhurst Ave. , Los Angeles ; +1 323 666 3524 Jordan Rane writes regularly for CNN Travel and The Los Angeles Times . A Lowell Thomas Award recipient from the Society of American Travel Writers , his work on travel and the outdoors has spanned six continents and appeared in over 50 publications . He lives in Los Angeles .	At these L.A. haunts , the drinks come with a chaser of kitsch Smokey the Bear guards the entrance of The Bigfoot Lodge Like T-Rex and Rod the Mod ? It 's all '70s at Good Times at Davey Wayne 's Of course L.A. has a superb tiki bar
Washington  CNN  -- Congress is a stalemated cesspool of government shutdown showdowns that could come straight from an Aaron Sorkin TV series . But on the issue of using military force in Syria , bipartisanship is coming from unexpected places . Liberal members of Congress are joining forces with some of the most conservative to rein in the president . For instance , two lawmakers who legislate from complete opposite ends of the political spectrum are calling for the president to back down from a possible military strike . "  The president 's line in the sand may have been a strategic blunder . But it is not enough reason to go to war , " Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , said in an opinion piece on CNN.com on Friday , referring to President Barack Obama 's declaration that the use of chemical weapons is unacceptable . Rep. Alan Grayson , D-Florida , was even stronger in his opposition . "  We are not the world 's policemen . That is not our responsibility , " he said Thursday on CNN 's "  The Lead . " While Grayson and Paul are urging the president to take a step back from deploying the U.S. military , a large number of Republicans and Democrats have joined together to demand that he allow Congress to have a say on U.S. involvement . It 's a message almost identical regardless of political party . U.S. to release information on Syria chemical weapon use Said one lawmaker : "  T  he president has the responsibility to seek authorization from our nation 's elected leaders before initiating military action . " And another : "  For too long , the legislature 's responsibility to authorize military force has been overlooked . " The first statement was made by liberal Democratic U.S. Rep. John Garamendi of California , and the second by U.S. Rep. Walter Jones of North Carolina , a Republican . They are n't alone . More than 100 members of Congress , mostly conservative Republicans but nearly two dozen liberal Democrats as well , have signed on to a letter to the president urging that he "  consult and receive authorization from Congress before ordering the use of U.S. military force in Syria . " How much say will Congress have on Syria strike ? While partisanship has kept Congress from agreeing on the budget , gun control , and immigration , lawmakers have been able to find commonality on the issue of war . "  Those decisions are very tough decisions , and you 'll find some strange bedfellows , " said Connie Morella , a former Republican congresswoman from Maryland who was one of seven Republicans and 147 Democrats who voted against the use of military force in Iraq in 2002 . Analysts tell CNN that uncommon alliances have become more common in recent years . "  We used to have this model that bipartisan was when the center-right and the center-left compromised each other , " said Heather Hurlburt , executive director of the National Security Network . "  Now it works when legislators vote because it makes  them  more conservative ... or more liberal . " The coalition of the right and the left has especially been evident over the issue of war . The last decade has left many lawmakers full of skepticism when it comes to American foreign policy . Many members felt lied to by the George W. Bush administration in the lead-up to the Iraq war and worn out from a 12-year-old war in Afghanistan . "  There 's an increasing skepticism amongst those on the right and left when it comes to these types of foreign entanglements , " said Jim Manley , former communications director for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  Members who were around  during the Bush administration  are determined that 's not going to happen again . " That is a sentiment made evident by Democratic Rep. Garamendi . "  The past decade has amply demonstrated the folly of military commitments poorly conceived , " he said . "  Our brave men and women in uniform deserve better . " Paul echoes Garamendi in his editorial . "  Understandably , Americans are not eager to be plunged into another questionable or misguided war , " he said . Like with anything in politics , however , there 's a bit more to the story . It 's not just about the merits of war and congressional responsibility , but also about , well , politics . How the latest chemical weapons claim differs from others Some lawmakers demanding congressional oversight "  want to resist anything Barack Obama does , " says J. Michael Hogan , director of the Center of Democratic Deliberation at Penn State University . He says it looks good to their constituents back at home who oppose anything the president proposes . Hogan speculates that if a Republican were president , the number of Republicans who signed that letter would be less than 98 and Democratic signatures would number more than 18 . Hurlburt said that war does n't suspend politics . "  I 'm not sure that was ever true in the past , and it 's definitely not true now , " she said . "  Issues of war show up these fissures that are there all the time . " A bipartisan group of lawmakers challenging the president is only half the story . Some lawmakers are much more measured . Although many strongly urge the president to seek congressional authorization before any military strike , some lawmakers on both sides of the aisle support a military strike . Sen. Robert Menendez , D-New Jersey , chairman of Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said after a congressional briefing by the administration that "  a decisive and consequential U.S. response is justified and warranted . " Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said on CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Tonight " on Thursday that the U.S. "  should be helping  the Syrian rebels  attain the goal of freeing themselves from one of the most brutal dictators in history . " Hurlburt says many senators are old-guard lawmakers who have been dealing with issues of war and peace together since Bosnia and Kosovo in the '90s . It "  reflects that those in the Senate have been chewing on these issues for 20 years , " she said . If Obama does allow Congress to vote on the use of military force , it 's unclear if the unholy alliance of the right and the left would stay united to oppose any military attack . There are "  not so many consequences for posturing on the issue , " Hurlburt said . But there are a lot more consequences for taking a vote on it .	Liberal members of Congress joining with conservatives to oppose strikes in Syria There is an increased skepticism among the left and right over foreign entanglements Other members of Congress on both sides of the aisle support strike against Syria
CNN  -- Manchester City began their Europa League Group A stage campaign with a comfortable 2-0 victory at Red Bull Salzburg on Thursday . The Premier League big spenders opened the scoring in the seventh minute when Spanish international David Silva converted his first goal for the club after being set-up by Jo . And Brazilian striker Jo , who is back in favor at the club after spending the last 18 months out on loan , doubled City 's advantage in the second half from close range . The result leaves Roberto Mancini 's side top of the group after the other game in Turin , between Juventus and Polish side Lech Poznan , ended in a thrilling 3-3 draw . Artjoms Rudnevs scored a hat-trick for the visitors " his final effort coming in injury time " to earn a fine draw for the visitors , after they had initially wasted a two-goal advantage . Two Gieorgio Chiellini goals and a superb Alessandro Del Piero effort looked to have earned Juventus all three points . There was another hat-trick man in Group B , this time Bayer Leverkusen striker Patrick Helmes was the hero in a 4-0 home win over Rosenborg . Stefan Reinartz was the other player on target for the Bundesliga side . In the other group match , defending champions Atletico Madrid suffered a surprise 1-0 defeat in Greece against Aris Salonika , for whom Spanish striker Javito scored against his compatriots . In Group C , Sporting Lisbon came away from Lille with an impressive 2-1 win courtesy of first half goals from Simon Vukcevic and Helder Postiga . The other match saw Levski Sofia twice come from behind to defeat Belgian side Ghent 3-2 . Group D favorites Villarreal are bottom of the table after their first game , with the Spanish side losing 2-0 at Dinamo Zagreb . The other match between Bruges and PAOK of Greece ended in a 1-1 draw . Dutch side AZ Alkmaar lead Group E after their opening 2-1 home victory over Sheriff Tiraspol , while Dynamo Kiev and BATE Borisov of Belarus shared four goals in the other match in Ukraine . Brazilian striker Vagner Love scored twice for CSKA Moscow in their 3-0 Group F success at Swiss side Lausanne . Meanwhile , the other group match produced a cracker with Sparta Prague edging Italian side Palermo 3-2 in a thrilling affair . There was another hat-trick , this time in Group G , where 2008 winners Zenit St Petersburg won 3-1 at Anderlecht , with Alexander Kerzhakov netting all three for the Russian side . The other group match also ended 3-1 , with AEK Athens defeating Hajduk Split . Bundesliga side Stuttgart are without a point domestically so far this season , but they cruised to a 3-0 Group H win over Young Boys on Thursday . The other group match saw Spanish side Getafe recover from going a goal down to defeat Odense 2-1 . Group I saw the evening 's biggest scorers , with Metalist Kharkiv of Ukraine winning 5-0 at Debrecen . They top the group from PSV Eindhoven and Sampdoria , who drew 1-1 in the other match . A late goal from Nene saw Paris St Germain produce a superb 1-0 victory at Seville in Group J , while a seven-goal thriller saw visitors Borussia Dortmund just edge Karpaty Lviv 4-3 in Ukraine . David Ngog scored twice , one from the penalty spot , as Liverpool eased to a 4-1 win over Steaua Bucharest in Group K , while Napoli and Utrecht played out the only goalless draw of the evening . Finally , in Group L , Porto lead the way after beating Rapid Vienna 3-0 . They head Besiktas , who claimed a last-gasp 1-0 home win over CSKA Sofia .	Manchester City begin Europa League campaign with a 2-0 win at Red Bull Salzburg David Silva scores his first goal for the club with Brazilian forward Jo also on target The other Group A match between Juventus and Lech Poznan ends in a 3-3 draw Patrick Helmes scores a hat-trick for Bayer Leverkusen in their 4-0 win over Rosenborg
In back-to-back speeches Tuesday to the U.N. General Assembly , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu accused the Iranian president , Hassan Rouhani , of seeking to obtain a nuclear weapon , and the Iranian representative insisted that Tehran 's nuclear program was intended solely for peaceful purposes . Rouhani , whose demeanor has been more moderate than that of his predecessor since he took office in August , is "  a wolf in sheep 's clothing , a wolf who thinks he can pull the wool over the eyes of the international community , " Netanyahu said . Western leaders have expressed optimism about Iran 's more moderate tone under Rouhani , whose recent comments have raised hopes that a deal could be struck over the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program . But Netanyahu urged world leaders not to be duped by Rouhani , calling him a "  loyal servant " to the Islamic regime , which he said "  executes political dissidents by the hundreds " and jails them by the thousands . CNN Poll : Most in U.S. favor negotiations with Iran over nukes "  It 's not hard to find evidence that Iran has a nuclear weapons program , " Netanyahu said . "  It 's hard to find evidence that Iran does n't have a nuclear weapons program . " Netanyahu said that even since Rouhani assumed office , "  this vast and feverish effort has continued unabated . " Rouhani "  thinks he can have his yellowcake and eat it , too , " Netanyahu said in a reference to the raw uranium ore that can be processed into nuclear weapons . International sanctions have left Iran "  on the ropes , " the Israeli prime minister told the world body , whose Iranian representative was not present . He called for the sanctions to remain in place to force Iran to halt its nuclear aspirations . "  We all want to give diplomacy with Iran a chance to succeed , " he said . "  But when it comes to Iran , the greater the pressure , the greater the chance . " But the Iranian representative rejected Netanyahu 's accusations , calling them "  inflammatory " and "  unfounded . " Iran "  has an inalienable right to peaceful nuclear energy " and is fully committed to its nonproliferation obligations , " said Khodadad Seifi , counselor for Iran 's U.N. mission . "  All Iranian nuclear activities are -- and have always been -- exclusively for peaceful purposes , " he said , adding that Tehran is cooperating with the U.N. 's nuclear watchdog , the International Atomic Energy Agency , and that its work is carried out under surveillance cameras . "  There is no single acceptable reason to possess nuclear weapons , but there are many agreeable reasons to abolish them all , " he said . He called further for "  respectful " negotiations . "  Iran stands ready to ensure that its nuclear program will continue to remain exclusively peaceful , " he said . Seifi also called for the international community to annul the sanctions that have crippled the nation 's economy . And he noted that Israel , unlike Iran , has not signed the nonproliferation treaty . "  Israel is the only one in the region that possesses all types of weapons of mass destruction but is not party to any of the treaties banning them , " he said . And he warned Netanyahu that Tehran is capable of defending itself if Jerusalem 's war of words goes beyond vitriol . "  The prime minister had better not even think about attacking Iran , let alone planning for that , " he said . Iran nuclear talks are key topic Netanyahu 's comments drew a sharp response from Mustafa Barghouti , a member of the Palestinian Liberation Organization 's Central Council and head of an independent political party . "  Why does he forget to speak about the facts and also ignores the facts that Israel is also a nuclear power and the way to peace in the Middle East is to make it a free nuclear zone ? " he asked . Tuesday 's repartee came a day after U.S. President Barack Obama met with Netanyahu in the White House and a few days after he spoke with Rouhani by telephone in the first such direct contact between the nations ' leaders since the Iranian revolution in 1979 . On Monday , Obama said he has a "  good working relationship " with Netanyahu , and reaffirmed the U.S. bond with the Israeli people . "  Our unshakeable bond with the Israel people is stronger than ever , " he said . "  Our commitment to Israel 's security is stronger than ever . " Both leaders said Iran was a key topic . "  Iran is committed to Israel 's destruction , so for Israel , the ultimate test of a future agreement with Iran is whether or not Iran dismantles its military nuclear program , " Netanyahu said . "  That 's the bottom line . " Obama said that if Iran wants sanctions relief , it will have to meet "  the highest standards of verifications . " "  It is absolutely clear that words are not sufficient , " Obama said on Monday . "  We have to have actions that give the international community confidence that , in fact , they are meeting their international obligations fully and that they are not in a position to have a nuclear weapon . " In the latest indication of Tehran 's new approach to Washington , Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported that Rouhani wants to establish direct flights between Iran and the United States . And in the latest indication of Iran 's continuing problems with Israel , the Israeli government said over the weekend that it had arrested an Iranian-born man and accused him of spying for Tehran . According to the Israeli government , the alleged spy was carrying photos of various sites , including the U.S. Embassy in Tel Aviv . On Tuesday , the Iranian news agency cited a Foreign Ministry spokeswoman who rejected the assertion as "  baseless . "	Iranian envoy rejects accusations as "  inflammatory " and "  unfounded " Rouhani is a "  loyal servant " to Islamic regime , Israeli prime minister says "  It 's not hard to find evidence that Iran has a nuclear weapons program , " Netanyahu says Netanyahu urges leaders not to be duped by Rouhani 's moderate tone
EW.com  -- "  Sleepy Hollow " gives the Headless Horseman a shotgun , and the shotgun appears to fire explosive rounds . In the first half hour , three people get their heads cut off . And you know how throughout American history there have been witch trials , which historians retroactively consider the result of mass hysteria ? Turns out all those witches were actually witches . None of these things even comes close to being the kookiest part of the series premiere of "  Sleepy Hollow , " a crazypants â $ " and entertaining , if you squint â $ " hour of television . Our critic Jeff Jensen has already weighed in with a look at some of the deeper resonances in the show . The goofy , intriguing , timely allegory that is Fox 's ` Sleepy Hollow ' What follows is a handy primer for the show 's insanity : The episode starts in the middle of a Revolutionary War battle , which you have to admit is not a common starting place for TV shows . Nor , for that matter , can I think of any other TV show in history that has suddenly introduced an invulnerable British soldier wearing an "  Eyes Wide Shut " mask . And certainly , it 's rare for the protagonist of a TV show to chop off someone 's head in the first three minutes of his show . We do n't really know who this guy is yet , except that obviously we do because the title of the show is Sleepy Hollow and we all remember Disney 's Ichabod Crane song . After being knocked out and losing a lot of blood during his fight with the British Masked Horseman , Ichabod Crane suddenly wakes up inside of a cave covered in weird cave stuff . When he wakes up , a couple of glass jars break . One of them contains a snake , and one of them contains a frog . This will probably be important later , unless it 's not . Fox orders ` Sleepy Hollow ' pilot from ` Star Trek ' team Ichabod immediately runs into the middle of a road and almost gets hit by not one , but two terribly animated digital cars . The second one actually clips him . Actor Tom Mison kind of sells it . So , to recap , in the first five minutes , the protagonist of "  Sleepy Hollow " has decapitated a Redcoat , flash-forwarded 250 years in history , woken up in a cave , and been hit by a car . Elsewhere in Sleepy Hollow , we meet Clancy Brown , who 's basically playing the same character Jeff Fahey played on the first episode of "  Under the Dome . " He fires 12 rounds of ammunition at the Headless Horseman and gets his head chopped off . In one of the night 's many flashbacks , we see Ichabod in a Revolutionary War-era infirmary . He 's hanging out with his wife , who is a nurse , and also a priest who appears to be immortal . But none of that is important right now ! What is important is that they put a Bible on Ichabod 's body , and in the present day , Ichabod finds it and flips right to the Book of Revelation and decides that the Headless Horseman is the First Horseman of the Apocalypse . And they keep on reading Revelations throughout the episode to get clues about stuff . So basically , the Book of Revelation is to "  Sleepy Hollow " as Edgar Allen Poe is to "  The Following . " So excited for the "  Seven Trumpets " musical episode ! Also , George Washington is in this TV show . Although he only appears in flashbacks that are shot like re-enactments on "  Unsolved Mysteries . " Anyhow , all you have to know is that the pilot of "  Sleepy Hollow " features the line "  The answers are in Washington 's Bible ! " So it 's basically "  National Treasure " meets "  Assassin 's Creed 3 " meets "  Picket Fences . " Remember that immortal priest I mentioned ? Turns out that he 's telekinetic or whatever ! He tries to hold off the Headless Horseman using his brain to control chains , but the Horseman cuts through them with his axe , which I should mention is heated to 500 degrees . This priest also gets decapitated . Trailers for the new Fox Fall 2013 TV shows We should mention Ichabod 's new partner , Abbie . When we meet her , she initially seems like an everywoman police officer . She is also the source of most of the pilot 's self-mocking exposition , including the immortal line , "  So the killer is the First Horseman of the Apocalypse , and the proof is a Bible we found in a cave . " But it turns out that she has a crazy history . When she was young , she and her sister were wandering through the forest , when suddenly they saw four white trees , which represent the Four Horseman probably , because numbers . They also saw a strange creature . Then they blacked out .  It turns out that Clancy Brown was investigating this and many other mysteries before he died , and basically "  Sleepy Hollow " is "  Twin Peaks " plus "  Cabot Cove . " It also turns out that Ichabod Crane 's wife is a witch who is currently residing in some weird dimension in the forest that looks like Fairyland in "  True Blood . " She 's a good witch , though , and she 's trying to stop the apocalypse , but there 's a group of bad witches who are trying to cause the apocalypse . Somewhere , the decapitated head of Washington Irving is rolling his eyes . Right about the time that the Headless Horseman starts firing a shotgun , you 're probably thinking to yourself , "  Certainly the only thing sillier than this would be that the shotgun appears to be shooting fireworks . " Gentlemen , your chariot has arrived . The fireworks do n't hit anyone , because this is broadcast TV and you ca n't show anyone getting shot , although you can show three decapitations . John Cho appears in the pilot episode as a duplicitous cop who is a witch or whatever , and is mostly just there to remind you how much you liked John Cho 's character arc in "  FlashForward . " He gets killed by some kind of strange creature who appears in the mirror and is basically the devil , probably . Also , the Headless Horseman 's Horse has red eyes . Spooky ! So there 's no way the show can possibly maintain this momentum week-to-week , unless at the end of episode 4 , America launches its nuclear arsenal at the Moon in order to destroy an attacking horde of bat-people . But I would watch the heck out of that show . What did you think of the Sleepy Hollow premiere , fellow viewers ? See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox premiered its new drama "  Sleepy Hollow " Monday The show stars Tom Mison as Ichabod Crane The premiere was jam-packed with crazy plot twists
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- At least seven Iraqis were killed and 23 wounded when a bomb exploded near a Shiite holy shrine in northern Baghdad on Wednesday morning , an Interior Ministry official said . The Imam Musa al-Kadhim shrine in Baghdad , Iraq , seen in 2007 , is holy to Shiite Muslims . The bomb detonated near the Imam Musa al-Kadhim shrine in the Kadhimiya district , the official said . The Kadhimiya shrine is one of the holiest shrines for Shiite Muslims around the world . On Tuesday , a parked car bomb killed at least nine people and wounded more than a dozen others , also in Kadhimiya . This is the third straight day of deadly attacks in the capital , striking mostly Shiite areas . On Monday , seven bombings in Baghdad left at least 32 people killed and more than 130 wounded . Iraqi officials have warned that they expect a rise in attacks . The country 's president and his deputies urged security forces to intensify their efforts to secure the country . The government has blamed the ousted Baath party and al Qaeda in Iraq for Monday 's attacks , saying they were meant to create sectarian divisions . The U.S. military also pointed the finger at al Qaeda . "  The nature of the attacks and targets are consistent with past al Qaeda in Iraq attacks . We see this as coordinated attack by terrorists against predominantly Shia targets that they gauge as vulnerable to instigate sectarian violence , " the U.S. military said .	Three days of attacks in mainly Shiite areas of Baghdad leave dozens dead Bomb near revered Shiite shrine of Imam Musa al-Kadhim kills 7 on Wednesday Parked car bomb in same area of Baghdad kills at least 9 people on Tuesday At least 32 killed on Monday in seven bombings around Iraqi capital
Fort Hood , Texas  CNN  -- The military judge overseeing the trial of admitted Fort Hood gunman Maj. Nidal Hasan told defense attorneys Thursday that they ca n't drop out of the case -- even though they believe it 's tantamount to helping him commit suicide . "  This is nothing more than their disagreement with Major Hasan 's strategy in conducting his defense , " said the judge , Col. Tara Osborn , rejecting a motion by the standby counsel who are tasked with assisting Hasan as he represents himself . The attorneys argued Wednesday that Hasan is trying to help the prosecution achieve a death sentence . Osborn 's decision sparked a bitter fight in a trial focused on charges that Hasan shot and killed 13 people and wounded 32 in the November 2009 rampage at the Army installation near Killeen , Texas . "  We believe your order is causing us to violate our professional ethics . It 's morally repugnant to us as defense counsel , " said Lt. Col. Kris Poppe , head of Hasan 's legal team . He asked for a stay on her order , which would prevent it from going into effect . The judge then asked for a written document from the state bar establishing that continuing to work with Hasan would be an ethical violation . "  I will make it easy for you . I 've given you an order ... and that relieves you of every ethical liability , " Osborn said . Poppe would have nothing of it , his voice raised in obvious frustration . "  The order does not relieve us of the responsibility . ... We believe we are doing something that is morally repugnant . This is not about saving my license ... this is about what you are requiring me to do today : assist this man in achieving the goal , which we believe is achieving a death sentence . " The lead prosecutor chimed in , questioning the defense team 's claims , saying that Hasan is mounting a legitimate defense . "  The government sees only two defenses : either ' I did n't do it , ' or ' I did it , with an excuse . ' He was caught with a gun in his hand , " said Col. Michael Mulligan . "  I do n't understand how that 's repugnant to defense counsel -- I 'm truly perplexed . " In a military capital trial , a guilty plea is not an option . Hasan 's official plea is that he is not guilty of the charges . But on Tuesday , Hasan used his opening statement to declare "  I am the shooter . " After the standby counsel argued Wednesday that Hasan was seeking the death penalty , Hasan objected , calling it "  a twist of the facts . " But he refused to submit his objection in writing , a move that Osborn requested to avoid revealing privileged information in open court . The defense attorneys Thursday immediately appealed Osborn 's ruling . But she gave no stay in the meantime . "  We 're going to move forward , " the judge said , allowing the trial to continue unless a higher military court weighs in . The trial resumed with the prosecution calling to the stand soldiers who were witnesses of Hasan 's shooting spree . The attorneys ' request Wednesday halted what would have been the second day of testimony . Although Hasan , a U.S.-born citizen of Palestinian descent , was granted his request to represent himself , Osborn ruled before the court-martial began that defense lawyers would act as standby counsel during the proceedings . Expert : Judge ca n't let attorneys stop Geoffrey Corn , a military justice expert at the South Texas College of Law in Houston , said the defense lawyers are in "  a terrible predicament . " "  They have to stand by and watch the person they are ostensibly charged with assisting to represent himself essentially put a noose around his own neck , and they view this as fundamentally inconsistent with their ethical obligation as lawyers , " he said . But Corn said Hasan not only has the right to defend himself , "  he has the right to do it poorly " -- even to the point of asking for death . "  The defense lawyers would love to get off this case , because it becomes unbearable , " Corn said . "  If you imagine having to sit there , being an ardent opponent of capital punishment , watching this guy seal his own fate with every move he makes , it must be torture . But the judge ca n't let them off the case . " Military death row : More than 50 years and no executions Witnesses describe horror of shooting Hasan , an Army psychiatrist , was paralyzed by a police bullet during the rampage . He listened impassively as one of the first witnesses recounted the horror unleashed that November day at a processing center for soldiers heading to Afghanistan and Iraq . Staff Sgt. Alonzo Lunsford stared hard at Hasan , appearing to brace for a cross-examination from the man who had admitted to shooting him seven times . But Hasan just stared back . The courtroom turned silent as Lunsford was called as a witness . He was the first of several survivors scheduled to testify against Hasan . Lunsford recounted how the gunman rose from a chair in the processing center , shouted "  Allahu Akbar , " pulled out a pistol and began shooting . "  It was a state of panic , " Lunsford said . Lunsford , a health care specialist , described how his friend and colleague , physician 's assistant Michael Cahill , tried to hit Hasan with a chair to stop the shooting ; Hasan shot him dead . Soldiers tried to flee or take cover inside the processing center as Hasan fired dozens of shots . As Lunsford was checking behind him , "  Major Hasan is turning the weapon on me , " he said . "  He has a laser on his weapon and it goes across my line of sight and I blink . In that time , he discharges his weapon . The first round , I 'm hit in the head . " A second shot caught Lunsford in the back . He decided to play dead for a while before changing his mind and deciding to run for the door . He made it out of the building but was shot five more times outside , he testified . Hasan continued shooting at Lunsford even as he was receiving first aid outside the processing center , before police arrived . Officers shot and wounded Hasan , ending the rampage and leaving him paralyzed from the chest down . After the prosecution finished questioning Lunsford , the judge asked Hasan whether he had any questions for the witness . "  I have no questions , " Hasan said . Hasan also declined to question Michelle Harper , who worked at the deployment center and was inside when the shooting began . Prosecutors played a recording of her 911 call , where she pleaded for help . Scheduled to go to Afghanistan Hasan had been scheduled to deploy to Afghanistan before the killings . Prosecutors hope to show that the devout Muslim had undergone a "  progressive radicalization , " giving presentations in defense of suicide bombings and about soldiers conflicted between military service and their religion when such conflicts result in crime . Hasan did not want to deploy to fight against other Muslims and believed "  that he had a jihad duty to kill as many soldiers as possible , " said Col. Michael Mulligan , the lead prosecutor in the case . Investigators found 146 spent shell casings in the room where the attack began , Mulligan said . Hasan carried two laser-sighted pistols and 420 rounds of ammunition , his pockets lined with paper towels to muffle the sounds of the magazines banging together , he said . Internet searches on Hasan 's computer used keywords like "  terrorist killing , " "  innocent , " "  Quran , " "  fatwas " and "  suicide bombings , " Mulligan said . Hasan told the panel in his opening statement , "  We mujahedeen are trying to establish the perfect religion . " But , he added , "  I apologize for the mistakes I made in this endeavor . " The mujahedeen consider themselves warriors who defend the Islamic faith . Witness : ` His punishment will come ' Hasan told his family he had been taunted after the al Qaeda attacks of September 11 , 2001 . Investigations that followed the killings found he had been communicating via e-mail with Anwar al-Awlaki , the Yemeni-American radical cleric killed by a U.S. drone attack in 2011 . The case was first set to begin in March 2012 , but was delayed repeatedly , notably over a previous judge 's unsuccessful demand that the beard Hasan has grown while in custody be forcibly shaved . Josh Rubin reported from Fort Hood . CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : The judge rejects standby counsel 's request NEW : The decision triggers a fight with the defense counsel Admitted Fort Hood gunman "  is working towards a death penalty , " lawyer says Hasan faces a death sentence if convicted of 13 killings and 32 attempted murder counts
CNN  -- The long-awaited remake of the 1970s cult classic "  Sparkle " is finally seeing the light of day as it opens in theaters across North America this weekend . The film stars season six "  American Idol " winner Jordin Sparks and the late pop icon Whitney Houston . It 's set in Detroit during the 1960s and chronicles the rise and perils of an all-girl R&B group -- a la Diana Ross and the Supremes and the glitzy 1981 Broadway show "  Dreamgirls " and its 2006 movie adaptation . The project has been a labor of love for producer Debra Martin Chase for more than a decade . She and Houston , her film producing partner , scored with "  The Princess Diaries " films and the made-for-TV movie , "  Rodgers & Hammerstein 's Cinderella . " As longtime fans of the original 1976 flick  written by an upstart Joel Schumacher  , the duo yearned to bring it to a new audience . "  Just thinking back to why this movie was important to me as a teenager and I know why it was important to Whitney ; it was really the first time we saw the fabulous women of color on the screen , who were glamorous , the men were gorgeous , the clothes were gorgeous , " Martin Chase told CNN this week . "  In and of itself , it was inspirational . " The TriStar Pictures film , which has been virtually kept under lock and key from media for months , had showings this week in Martha 's Vineyard in Massachusetts , New York and Los Angeles . It also stars Carmen Ejogo , Tika Sumpter , Mike Epps , Derek Luke and Omari Hardwick , with appearances by Cee Lo Green , Michael Beach , Kem , Terrence Jenkins and Tamela J. Mann . "  It 's surreal . It 's hard to believe that it 's finally coming into fruition , " Martin Chase said . "  It 's like a lot of life lessons about believing in what you believe in and just sticking with your guns and just keep pushing forward to make it happen . " The road to post-production was n't an easy one for this new "  Sparkle . " In the late 1990s , Warner Bros. . Pictures struck a three-picture deal with then-rising R&B star Aaliyah . One of the star-making vehicles was to be "  Sparkle , " to which the studio owned the rights . Under their BrownHouse Productions shingle , Martin Chase and Houston were tapped to help bring the remake to life . But shortly after Aaliyah 's second film , "  Queen of the Damned , " wrapped , tragedy struck when the singer died in a plane crash . The project languished for years . "  I took the idea to other studios and got a bunch of nos , " Martin Chase said . "  I never gave up on it . " The names of singer/actresses such as Raven-Symone and Ashanti were bandied about at one time or another , but nothing materialized . During a dinner a few years ago at Sony Pictures Chairman Michael Lynton 's home , the idea of "  Sparkle " once again came up . Unbeknown to Martin Chase , it was a "  passion project " for the studio chief , too . From there , the remake received the green light . On the heels of the success of their 2010 feature film debut , "  Jumping the Broom , " husband-and-wife creative team Salim and Mara Brock Akil -- already established forces in the television industry -- were tapped to direct and write the new movie . Redefining what it means to ` Sparkle ' Salim Akil had his trepidation about taking on such a storied work . The original -- which featured a timeless score and soundtrack by Curtis Mayfield -- made stars out of Irene Cara , Philip Michael Thomas , Dorian Harewood and Lonette McKee . The legend of "  Sparkle , " which predated the fabled musical "  Dreamgirls , " would be a prized staple in black movie lovers ' collections for years to come . "  I think with having conversations with my wife , Mara , and riffing on ` Well what if I did do it ? ' and ' I would do this , I would do that , ' I felt like it 's an opportunity to take us back to a time that was a little bit more innocent in terms of the way that we approached life back then , " Akil said . "  I thought 1968 was an interesting year for America , and so I thought we could do something and present something that a younger generation could appreciate it . " Outside of the relatively small $ 15 million production budget  period movies usually start at around $ 50 million  and a marathon 30-day shooting schedule , casting was one of the biggest challenges for the new "  Sparkle . " Akil said he knew off the cuff he wanted to work with Epps , a renowned comedian , again after "  Jumping the Broom . " And as far as the leading role , Sparks -- who starred in Broadway 's "  In the Heights " in 2010 -- was a born natural . "  Jordin just has this quality about her that lends itself to innocence , and I needed that for ` Sparkle , ' " he said . "  I needed someone who , in this day and age , there was some innocence left . I wanted someone who was sort of  a  mystery to the public and who can sing her ass off , and she could definitely could do that . " However , the role of Sparkle 's eldest , wilder sibling , Sister , proved less obvious once Paula Patton , also in the Akils ' "  Jumping the Broom , " could n't do it because of a previous commitment . The director said he saw just about everybody in Hollywood to portray , what is arguably , the strongest role in the movie . And then a screen test of Ejogo , in full character , came his way . "  She had taped herself and it just blew everyone away , and I remember when I saw it , I sent a text to everyone that said : ` This is Sister . She is Sister ' and in a lot of ways , you get what you need through blessings like that . I think she knocked it out of the park . " As far as the creative process , Akil left his wife to her own devices . "  I gave her five points that I would like to see and then I left her alone . Mara is a competent writer . I wanted her to write the movie because I knew she would do a great script , " he said . "  And even though she wanted me to read the script before she was finished , I would n't because I did n't want to interfere with her process . " Some central plot points are different from the original film , but it is a remake in every sense of the term , according to Martin Chase . "  We 've made some changes . And with approaching a remake , you want to preserve that which is most beloved about the original and you want to adapt it to a modern audience , " she said . "  But at its heart , it 's very much a remake . We 've stayed true to the essence and basic plot of the original movie . " Outside the usual marketing push , the movie is making an impact in two other arenas : publishing and music . On August 7 , Simon & Schuster released a novelization of "  Sparkle " by best-selling author and journalist Denene Milner . "  It 's a traditional triumph story and we knew that it would resonate with the audience similar to the movie , " book editor Todd Hunter said . "  It had all the properties of love and lost . The product is a tremendous story , and in terms of publishing , that 's what we 're all about . " Last month , RCA Records released the original motion picture soundtrack featuring music from the movie produced by R. Kelly , Harvey Mason Jr. and the Underdogs and featuring what is believed to be Houston 's final recordings . Early buzz on the movie has been good , and seeing Houston , whose role of the matriarch was originated by veteran actress Mary Alice , in her final movie role is expected to draw her fans . "  I 'm excited , I 'm not nervous , " Salim Akil said . "  I think when I feel like I 've done my job and I 've respected the audience and respected the material , there 's no reason to be nervous . I do n't read reviews so I do n't go down that road . So I 'm just excited . I 'm excited for all of the actors . I 'm excited for people to see Whitney . I want them to see her , how beautiful she is and what a wonderful actress she is . This is the closest I think I 'll come to giving birth . " ' "  Sparkle " will be shown on more than 2,600 screens , Martin Chase said , which is considered a wide release . Most films catering to African-American audiences average between 1,500 and 2,000 theaters . "  We still live in an age where we do n't have enough stories really dealing with African-American women , and dealing with their tensions and their conflicts , " said black film historian and author Donald Bogle , who chronicled the original "  Sparkle " and many other films in his seminal tome "  Brown Sugar : Over 100 Years of America 's Black Female Superstars . " "  We still need movies about African-American women and not just movies like ` The Help , ' where it 's all about how they relate , basically , to white people . We need stories that are looking at African-American women and their particular conflicts and not just their romantic tensions but also their professional dilemmas , " he said . "  I think with this new version of ` Sparkle , ' I think people are going to show up . They 've been waiting to see something like this . "	Producer says she 's excited to see the film come to light after more than 10 years Director talks about casting choices and other challenges in remaking beloved cult classic Film historian : "  We do n't have enough stories really dealing with African-American women "
CNN  -- Neglected by humans for almost two decades , New World Mall in Bangkok has attracted a slightly different clientele . Happily swimming among dilapidated storefronts and waterlogged escalators , koi and tilapia feast on fish food sold by enterprising locals and thrown by tourists who continue to descend on the surreal scene . Built in 1982 , the New World shopping mall survived only 15 years before trouble came calling , according to the Bangkok Post . In 1997 , the Bangkok Metropolitan Administration demolished seven of the mall 's 11 floors after it was found that the owner obtained permission for only four . The demolition , and a fire in 1999 , left the mall roofless . Open to the elements , the mall 's ground floor became a pond filled with years of accumulated rainwater -- and clouds of mosquitoes . To remedy this obnoxious and potentially hazardous problem , people in the area decided to introduce fish species known to prey on flies . And just like that , a miniature ecosystem was born in the abandoned mall . At first , there were only 10 to 20 regular visitors to the pond , local noodle vendor Jae Toom told the Bangkok Post . Toom said that most of these people were there only to feed the fish . "  But since photos of the pond were shared on Facebook last week , many more outsiders have come to visit , " said Toom . "  And that was when the BMA began to have problems with the fish pond . " On Monday , a Bangkok Metropolitan Administration official declared the building condemned and ordered barricades erected to keep the public out , the Bangkok Post reported . City officials cited health risks and structural instability as possible risks to visitors . The administration hopes to determine whether New World is safe for public use by the end of July . If the structure is deemed unsafe , the plan is to raze it and relocate its aquatic residents to a far less interesting home . A fascination with abandoned buildings 10 abandoned hotels Photographers find beauty in ` states of decay '	An abandoned mall in Bangkok is clogged with fish Facebook brought the situation into the public eye Authorities fear health and safety hazards
CNN  -- Nationalists held a narrow lead in Kyrgyzstan 's parliamentary elections , the country 's election commission said Monday . Of the 87 percent of the votes counted by Monday morning , the Ata Zhurt party had won 8.6 percent , said Nuriya Iskanderova , a consultant for the commission . The other four main parties followed with narrow margins separating them . The pro-government SDPK  Social-Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan  won 7.97 percent of the counted votes ; followed by the Arnamys Party  7.12 percent  ; the Republic Party  7.02 percent  and the Atameken Party  5.94 percent  . The election commission has to announce final results within two weeks , said Klara Sooromkulova , a member of the election commission . Voters in the Central Asian nation went to the polls Sunday to elect a new parliament . The elections come after a year that has seen the president flee the country and ethnic riots that left hundreds dead . International monitors did not report any major complaints on election day , though local observers from the political parties were more vocal with their concerns , Sooromkulova said . Voter turnout was high , especially in the south of the country , she said , including a 56 percent turnout in the capital , Bishkek . The new government will have to rebuild "  the entire infrastructure of the government , as well as the rebuilding of social cohesion and trust between ethnic groups , " said Kanat Saudabayev , a top official with the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe . President Kurmanbek Bakiyev was deposed in April and was replaced by Roza Otunbayeva , who became the first female president of a Central Asian nation . Two months later , at least 356 people were killed and about 400,000 fled their homes in a wave of violence between ethnic Kyrgyz and Uzbeks . Shortly after that , Kyrgyz voters approved a new constitution that puts more power in the hands of parliament , reducing the president 's role . "  Following the June situation of unrest and violence , it was not easy to organize the elections , " Sooromkulova said . Kyrgyzstan hosts a United States air base which is an essential supply route for NATO personnel and equipment into Afghanistan , called Manas Transit Center , as well as a Russian military base , Kant , just outside of the capital Bishkek . Nearly 2.9 million people were eligible to vote for 120 lawmakers in a parliament called the Jogorku Kenesh , the Central Election Commission said . There were 850 international election observers representing 32 organizations and 52 countries . CNN 's Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	NEW : By Monday morning , 87 percent of the votes have been counted NEW : Five main parties lead with narrow margins separating thm 2010 saw the president deposed and ethnic riots that left hundreds dead Kyrgyzstan hosts a U.S. Air Force base that 's a vital supply route into Afghanistan
The uproar in India over the arrest of an Indian diplomat in New York is growing . Indians are protesting outside the U.S. Embassy in New Delhi , the Indian government has revoked privileges for American diplomats , and Indian politicians have called for a review of their nation 's ties with the United States . E-mail and Facebook appeals are even calling on Indians to refuse to meet with any U.S. citizen . But the outcry over Devyani Khobragade 's treatment is drowning out the serious allegations of exploiting her employee , also an Indian national , and the pervasive violations against millions of other domestic workers around the world and in the homes of diplomats in America . Khobragade , India 's deputy consul general in New York , was arrested last week over allegations of falsifying visa application documents for a woman who worked as her housekeeper and nanny in New York . Khobragade reported she paid the woman $ 4,500 a month . In reality , federal prosecutors say , the domestic worker received less than $ 600 a month and was forced to work far more than 40 hours a week . Her effective hourly wage -- $ 3.13 -- was less than half of New York 's minimum wage of $ 7.25 . Many Indians are outraged over allegations that Khobragade , after leaving her daughter at school , was handcuffed on the street -- although this has been disputed -- later strip-searched and kept in a holding cell before being released on $ 250,000 bail . U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara , in a written statement , said Khobragade was arrested discreetly , was not handcuffed and was given time to arrange personal matters including child care -- but she was searched in custody as is "  standard practice for every defendant , rich or poor , American or not , in order to make sure that no prisoner keeps anything on his person that could harm anyone , including himself . " There 's no doubt that strip searches , a routine part of U.S. felony arrests , are humiliating . Indians are understandably disturbed by a practice that is rare in India and seems particularly degrading . But the treatment of domestic workers , who number more than 50 million worldwide and are one of every 13 female wage earners , is often even more degrading . They are typically grossly underpaid and often mistreated . In our investigations in the United States and elsewhere , Human Rights Watch has found that women who work as nannies and housekeepers , and often both , make far below the minimum wage and are often expected to work 14 to 18 hours a day . Millions of women and girls travel across borders to earn money as domestic workers to send back to their families . They take care of elderly people in the homes where they work , cook , clean and take care of their employers ' children . They generate billions of dollars in remittances for their countries of origin but are particularly vulnerable to exploitation and abuse . Many are forced to pay huge sums to unscrupulous recruiters , or work without pay for several months to cover their debt . Cut off from their family and other sources of support , many feel they have little choice but to work under slavelike conditions . In some cases , they are locked in their workplaces . They are sometimes beaten . Unpaid wages , excessive working hours and physical , sexual and psychological abuse are the most common problems . Domestic workers have even fewer options when their employers have diplomatic immunity and can not be criminally prosecuted , regardless of how severe their crimes . The employers have control over their visas , which also leaves them with little recourse . The U.S. State Department has received dozens of allegations of abuse by foreign diplomats and by officials at the World Bank and other international financial institutions . In one case that became public , a former domestic worker accused her employer , a Kuwaiti diplomat , of raping her repeatedly . In another , a domestic worker for a former Philippine ambassador said she was forced to work 126 hours a week without pay . A 2008 Government Accountability Office report identified 42 cases of abuse by diplomats with immunity over an eight-year period , and said that the actual number was probably higher . Many cases are never reported because the victims are too frightened to complain or feel they ca n't afford to lose the job . As a consular official , Khobragade has limited immunity , which the State Department says does not cover visa fraud , a felony . Too many diplomats have used their immunity to exploit their employees . By taking action in this case , the State Department is sending an important message -- no employer is above the law . It is not just singling out foreign diplomats . The Khobragade case has raised good questions about the treatment of criminal suspects in the United States , including the use of routine strip searches . But that debate should not be at the expense of women exploited as domestic workers . Their treatment is just as important .	Jo Becker : Outcry over Indian diplomat 's arrest overshadows issue of domestic worker abuse Becker : Routine strip search in U.S. is humiliating , degrading , and it 's rare in India She says domestic workers face slavelike labor , physical abuse , excessive hours Becker : Report found domestic worker abuse among diplomats who have immunity
London , England  CNN  -- A secret document that appears to show that Iran was working on building nuclear weapons as recently as 2007 is "  alarming " and "  part of a body of evidence backing up deep concerns over Iran 's nuclear program , " a Western diplomatic source with knowledge of the papers told CNN on Monday . The International Atomic Energy Agency , the United Nations nuclear watchdog , has a copy of the secret papers , which were also obtained by the Times of London , the source said . IAEA officials confirm they are investigating the document but said they have not formally asked Iran for more information about it . A top international nuclear expert said it seemed to point to Iranian efforts to build a bomb . "  The only realistic use of this is in a nuclear weapon , " said David Albright , the president of the Institute for Science and International Security . "  It shows that either Iran is developing the capability -LSB- to build nuclear weapons -RSB- or it is moving to implement a bomb program -- and either one is bad , " said Albright , who reviewed the document for the Times before the newspaper published its report Sunday . But Albright warned that the document is edited and has no date on it . The source who gave it to the Times said it was from 2007 , but neither the Times nor the ISIS was able to date it definitively , Albright said . In Iran , Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast said the Times ' "  claim that Iran is working on the final and important component of a nuclear bomb is false and not worth paying any attention to , " the semi-official Fars news agency reported . "  This type of statement is made in the media to put political and psychological pressure -LSB- on Iran -RSB- by the officials of various countries , " Mehmanparast said , according to the Fars report . United States intelligence concluded in 2007 that Iran had suspended work on its nuclear weapons program in 2003 . In the National Intelligence Estimate released in December 2007 , the U.S. intelligence community dramatically reversed course from its 2005 evaluation . It expressed "  high confidence " in 2005 that the Islamic Republic was working toward nuclear weapons , then two years later said -- also with "  high confidence " -- that Iran had stopped its weapons program in 2003 . Iran denies seeking to build nuclear weapons , saying its nuclear program is to produce civilian energy and medical research . But it is under intense pressure from the international community , with Britain and France saying last week they would push for stronger U.N. sanctions on Tehran . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton would n't comment on the secret document Monday , but told reporters that concerns about Iran 's nuclear program "  have been heightened already " in recent months after revelations of a once-secret nuclear enrichment facility near the Iranian city of Qom , and Iran 's Cabinet authorizing the construction of at least 10 new nuclear production facilities . She said the Obama administration has taken a "  dual-track " approach to Iran , including the offer of engagement and taking part in nuclear talks . "  We 've been at the table . But I do n't think anyone can doubt that our outreach has produced very little in terms of any kind of positive response from the Iranians , " Clinton said , adding that the second approach -- the international pressure -- is key to pushing Iranian officials to change "  their actions and decisions concerning the nuclear program . " Mehrdad Khonsari , a former Iranian diplomat , says the revelation about the document "  means , essentially ... that the Iranians have been lying to everybody " when they said they were not seeking to build nuclear weapons . Khonsari said it was no accident that this document appeared when it did . "  The fact that the document comes out at this time makes it very difficult for Russia and China not to go along with more sanctions , " he said . It would also make it easier for "  Israel to go ahead with a unilateral strike " on Iran 's nuclear facilities , he added . "  The agenda will change as a result of the publication of this document unless the document is proven to be false by the Iranian authorities , " said Khonsari , who is now a senior research consultant at the Center for Arab and Iranian Studies . Khonsari -- who left Iran after the Islamic Revolution in 1979 -- has not seen the original document but said the material published by the Times "  is what an authentic document would look like . " "  It places pressure on the Iranian government to try to use what time remains to get out of this situation , " he said . According to a report dated Monday on the Web site of Albright 's group , a neutron initiator is a critical component of a nuclear weapon . The ISIS report said the device "  would most likely be placed at the center of a fission bomb made from weapon-grade uranium " and "  works by the high explosives compressing the nuclear core and the initiator " to produce a "  spurt of neutrons " as a result of fusion . "  The neutrons flood the core of weapon-grade uranium and initiate the chain reaction , " the ISIS report said . Albright said the document described efforts to "  research and test a neutron initiator , " a nuclear component for which he could not see "  any civil use . " "  They appear to be doing the right things , " he said . "  But you do n't know how it fits into a nuclear weapons program . " He also said the public had failed to understand a key part of the debate about Iran 's nuclear program . "  It 's not whether there is something or nothing , but whether there is a capabilities focus or an actual decision to build nuclear weapons , " he said . "  It 's not like an on-off switch , it 's like a dimmer control . " CNN Senior International Correspondent Matthew Chance and Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Iran calls claim of work on nuclear bomb part "  false and not worth paying any attention to " Papers reinforce "  deep concerns over Iran 's nuclear program , " source says It says U.N. nuke watchdog has a copy of papers , which Times of London also obtained IAEA says it 's investigating document , has n't formally asked Iran for more information about it
CNN  -- Bea Arthur , the actress best known for her roles as television 's "  Maude " and the sardonic Dorothy on "  The Golden Girls , " has died of cancer , a family spokesman said Saturday . Bea Arthur , right , with "  Golden Girls " co-star Rue McClanahan in June 2008 . She was 86 . Spokesman Dan Watt said that Arthur died Saturday morning at her home in Los Angeles , her family by her side . She is survived by her sons Matthew and Daniel and grandchildren Kyra and Violet , he said . No funeral services are currently planned , Watt said , adding that the family asked that donations be made to either the Art Attack Foundation or PETA in lieu of flowers . Arthur 's opinionated Maude first appeared on Norman Lear 's "  All in the Family " as Edith Bunker 's cousin , and was so popular that Lear created a spin-off series . In the '70s , "  Maude " was ahead of the social curve , tackling hot topics not usually mentioned on situation comedies -- pornography , race relations and , in an episode titled "  Maude 's Dilemma , " abortion . That episode spawned demonstrations and generated hate mail for Arthur -- when Maude and husband Walter  Bill Macy  decided on that episode they were too old to raise a child . But many saw Maude as an enduring icon for women 's liberation -- a big deal for the shy , Jewish girl born Bernice Frankel in New York City . During the Depression , Arthur 's family left the Big Apple and opened a clothing store in Cambridge , Maryland . By the time she was 12 , Arthur was nearly 5 feet , 10 inches tall , and self-conscious about her height . But she masked her insecurity with comedy and eventually returned to New York to study acting . Along the way , she had a short-lived marriage she never spoke about , but she kept the last name -- Arthur . The young Bea Arthur earned a living singing and doing stage work on Broadway and off-Broadway . Critics delighted in her haughty , serpent-tongued deliveries . Her first television appearance came in 1951 in a long-forgotten series called "  Once Upon a Tune , " but she quickly made a name for herself with appearances on "  Studio One , " "  Kraft Television Theatre " and "  The Sid Caesar Show . " Arthur drew attention in "  Threepenny Opera " on Broadway with Lotte Lenya , but she really turned heads in 1964 originating the role of Yente the Matchmaker in "  Fiddler on the Roof . " In 1966 , Arthur won a Tony Award for the caustic Vera Charles in the play "  Mame , " playing opposite Angela Lansbury in the title role . Eight years later , she reprised the role in the film version opposite Lucille Ball , but by then she was already well-established as Maude . Arthur left "  Maude " in 1978 , making television and some film appearances afterward . She starred in a short-lived series , "  Amanda 's , " in 1983 and then joined the cast of "  The Golden Girls " in 1985 with Betty White , Rue McClanahan and Estelle Getty . Her role as Dorothy Zbornak gave Arthur her other major television success as one of four older women living together in Florida .  Getty played Arthur 's mother  . The role earned Arthur a second Emmy -- the first was for "  Maude . " Arthur left the show after Dorothy remarried at the end of the 1991-92 season . White , McClanahan and Getty continued for another season on the show , renamed "  The Golden Palace , " but the show lasted only one season without Arthur . Arthur entered semi-retirement after the show ended in 1992 , returning to television in sporadic guest appearances and appearing at several celebrity roasts . In the early part of this decade , Arthur appeared in several one-woman shows . Her last stage appearance was in 2006 . Her last television appearance was on "  The View " in 2007 .	Actress Bea Arthur dies of cancer at age 86 , spokesman says "  Maude , " "  Golden Girls " star was at home with family in Los Angeles Arthur is survived by two sons and grandchildren
CNN  -- The number of civilians who have fled from the Central African Republic since a conflict began there in December has risen to 37,000 , the U.N. refugee agency UNHCR said Friday . More than 30,800 of them have sought refuge in the neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo , according to the U.N. People continue to go there and other nearby nations , the agency said . "  Over the last two weeks our offices have reported fresh arrivals into Chad , Cameroon and Democratic Republic of the Congo , " UNHCR spokesman Adrian Edwards told journalists in Geneva . A coalition of rebels ousted the Central African Republic 's president , Francois Bozize , last month , the latest in a series of coups since the nation gained independence from France in 1960 . Last year , several rebel groups under the umbrella name of Seleka started seizing parts of the country . In January , the rebels and the government brokered a peace deal that included a cease-fire and an agreement to form a unity government led by Bozize . But that deal fell apart as the rebel coalition pushed its way from its base in the north toward Bangui , seizing towns along the way . The U.N. refugee agency said it is working with authorities in the countries where the refugees are arriving to provide protection and assistance . UNHCR teams are distributing aid and setting up emergency shelters , Edwards said . "  Many left their homes in a hurry and were unable to bring personal belongings with them . People are either without places to live or being accommodated by local families -- who themselves live in extreme poverty , " Edwards said . READ MORE : What 's behind the turmoil in the Central African Republic READ MORE : After coup , looters target hospitals in Central African Republic READ MORE : Central African Republic president fled to Cameroon CNN 's Joseph Netto contributed to this report .	Count includes those who have fled since clashes between rebels , government started last year U.N. : More than 30,800 of the refugees have fled to neighboring Democratic Republic of Congo Rebels sized Central African Republic 's capital and ousted president last month
CNN  -- Johns Hopkins Hospital is back on top . After spending 21 years as the country 's best hospital , according to U.S. News & World Report , Johns Hopkins Hospital relinquished its crown to Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston in 2012 . This year , the roles have reversed yet again . The annual U.S. News & World report evaluates more than 5,000 medical centers across the United States . The rankings consider 16 medical specialties from cancer to surgery to rehabilitation . If a hospital is considered one of the best in at least six specialties , it earns a spot on the coveted Honor Roll list . This year , 18 hospitals across the country made the Honor Roll . The top 10 are : 1 . Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore 2 . Massachusetts General Hospital in Boston 3 . Mayo Clinic in Rochester , Minnesota 4 . Cleveland Clinic in Ohio 5 . UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles 6 . Northwestern Memorial Hospital in Chicago 7 .  tie  New York-Presbyterian University Hospital of Columbia and Cornell , New York 7 .  tie  UCSF Medical Center in San Francisco 9 . Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston 10 . UPMC-University of Pittsburgh Medical Center in Pennsylvania Northwestern Memorial Hospital made the biggest jump on the list , rising six spaces from No. 12 , while Barnes-Jewish Hospital/Washington University in St. Louis had the largest loss , dropping nine spots . Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles and Thomas Jefferson University Hospital in Philadelphia made the Honor Roll list for the first time . The University of Michigan Hospitals and Health Centers in Ann Arbor fell off the list , although they still ranked for some specialties . Do n't dismiss a hospital just because it does n't appear on the Honor Roll . For example , the University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston did n't make the honor roll , but is ranked No. 1 for cancer treatment . Similarly , the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York is ranked best for orthopedics . The Cleveland Clinic made the top of the list for cardiology and heart surgery , while Johns Hopkins Hospital led the rankings for neurology and neurosurgery . New York , Boston , Los Angeles , Philadelphia and Cleveland all have more than one Honor Roll hospital on the list . U.S. News & World Report also released its children 's hospital rankings ; Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia came in at No. 1 . Choosing a hospital that best fits your needs depends on factors like proximity and the severity of your condition . To find a hospital closer to home , you can check out the regional hospitals list .	Johns Hopkins Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital are ranked No. 1 and No. 2 Report evaluates more than 5,000 medical centers across the country MD Anderson Cancer Center in Houston ranked No. 1 for cancer treatment
CNN  -- Once the most popular smartphone , the BlackBerry has been losing ground in the past year to iPhone and Android models . So Research in Motion is trying to carve out a new market with the PlayBook  the upcoming BlackBerry tablet  due to hit stores in the U.S. and Canada on April 19 . Prices start at $ 499 , same as for the iPad 2 . However , the BlackBerry operating system is definitely not on the cutting edge of smartphone platforms . So there 's been ample skepticism about how attractive a BlackBerry tablet might be to consumers , especially compared with slick offerings such as Apple 's iPad and the growing array of Android tablets . On March 24 , in a move apparently aimed at compensating for the weaknesses of the BlackBerry OS and relatively lean BlackBerry App World offerings , RIM announced that the PlayBook will support Android apps , as well as the Java-based apps that currently run on BlackBerry smartphones . According to the news release , "  RIM will launch two optional ` app players ' that provide an application run-time environment for BlackBerry Java apps and Android v2 .3 apps . These new app players will allow users to download BlackBerry Java apps and Android apps from BlackBerry App World and run them on their BlackBerry PlayBook . " However , the release also notes that "  The new app players for the BlackBerry PlayBook are expected to be available from BlackBerry App World this summer . " So if you rush out to buy a PlayBook this spring , you 'll have to wait a few months to get those Android apps and see how well they run . Crackberry clarified , "  This does n't mean that RIM is working with Google to bring Android marketplace to BlackBerry , but rather that developers who have made Android apps can sign up as BlackBerry App World developers  which is now free of charge  and distribute their apps to BlackBerry PlayBook owners via App World . " And as to the user experience , Crackberry notes , "  Because these Android Apps and BlackBerry Smartphone apps will be running in a sandboxed environment , to use RIM 's vocabulary we can likely expect the experience to be more along the lines of simple open-and-use ` apps ' rather than the deeply integrated ` super apps ' that RIM often likes to talk about . " Media analyst Jean-Louis Gassée sharply criticized RIM 's app strategy for the PlayBook , as well as RIM 's entire business approach of late . He points out that touting the PlayBook as running Android apps is misleading , since consumers wo n't be able to download apps from the Android app market and run them on the PlayBook . Rather , developers will have to adapt their Android apps to run within the PlayBook 's app player and then get them approved to be offered in the BlackBerry App World , a hurdle few developers are likely to be willing to jump for a new , unproven tablet with established competition . "  Launching what is clearly an immature product and trying to compensate for a dearth of applications with a misleading claim of compatibility with the wrong version of Android is insane , " Gassée wrote . I 'm puzzled by the market strategy here . Clearly , RIM is using the PlayBook to push hard to get more users in the consumer media and gaming market . But that represents a huge away shift from the company 's original  and still strong  market base , which is mostly corporate users focused on messaging services . On that front , there 's a further complication : The PlayBook reportedly falls short in terms of supporting the integrated messaging services that die-hard BlackBerry fans love . According to Information Week : "  The PlayBook will first launch in a Wi-Fi only configuration  Sprint will sell a WiMax version this summer  . That means the PlayBook can only snag emails and other data when in range of Wi-Fi hotspots . Email , contacts , and calendar data are not ` live ' on the PlayBook as they are on a regular BlackBerry . In fact , the only way to access live corporate PIM data is to tether a BlackBerry to the PlayBook via Bluetooth . The PlayBook will then mirror whatever data is on the BlackBerry . " This sounds like a huge drawback for RIM 's existing business users . It means that in order to take advantage of the features BlackBerry users love , they 'll have to carry around both devices and take the time to tether them . It 's good that RIM is branching out in new directions , and a tablet makes sense . But why not build on the company 's strengths to create a robust tablet experience for business users rather than go flailing after the consumer and gaming markets , a strategy that pits the PlayBook squarely against the iPad ? Does n't sound like a fair fight . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	BlackBerry 's PlayBook tablet hits stores April 19 and will start at $ 499 In an effort to make the PlayBook more attractive , BlackBerry is opening it to Android apps But few Android app developers may be willing to jump through hurdles for an unproven tablet The PlayBook also falls short in terms of supporting integrated BlackBerry messaging services
CNN Student News  -- Each month in 2008 , CNN Student News will be "  Talking Democracy " by introducing an election-year topic on the show and online . From caucuses to conventions and primaries to polls , CNN Student News will be breaking down these election-year concepts for students and teachers . Classes are invited to show what they know about the political process by submitting iReports to CNN Student News . Classes are encouraged to use original video , music , animation and other production elements to demonstrate their knowledge of each political concept . There 's a list of political concepts and the months they will air below . The best iReports may appear on CNN Student News . This Web page is your one-stop destination for Talking Democracy educational materials and iReport information . As the year unfolds , additional materials will be added to this site that address the different topics your students will learn about in the Talking Democracy series . Be sure to revisit often ! Talking Democracy Topics January : Caucuses and Primaries February : The Right to Vote March : Political Parties April : Campaign Finance May : Polling June and July : The Issues August : Conventions September : Debates October : What 's at Stake ? November : Electoral College Learning Activities • Caucuses and Primaries • The Right to Vote • Political Parties • Campaign Finance • Polling • Political Issues • Conventions • Debates Viewing Guide • Electoral College Reform • Predict Electoral College Votes One-Sheets • Caucuses and Primaries • The Right to Vote • Political Parties • Campaign Finance • Political Polls • Political Issues • Conventions • Debates • Electoral College Talking Democracy Questions Use these questions to test your knowledge of the presidential election process , then check the answers to see how you did . Videos • Delegates 101 Delegate-hunting can be a mathematical challenge , but CNN 's Jill Dougherty says it adds up to American-style democracy . • Right to Vote CNN Student News explores the right to vote , and an iReporting classroom chimes in with reasons to exercise it . • Political Parties 101 Discover some of the differences between the Democratic and Republican parties . • Campaign Finance 101 Check out some of the rules concerning cash for presidential campaigns . • Polling 101 Discover why a random sampling is an important aspect of an opinion poll . • Conventions 101 CNN Student News takes you behind the scenes of the national political conventions . • Debates 101 The candidates face off as CNN Student News provides the background and backdrop for presidential debates . • Electoral College 101 CNN Student News ' Carl Azuz gives us the 411 on the Electoral College Interactives Why delegates matter in the presidential race Click through this interactive for an explanation of the different types of delegates and how they are chosen in the nomination process for the Democratic and Republican parties . Electoral Map Calculator Use this Electoral College map to examine how the presidential candidates may fare in November 's election , based on analysis from the CNN Political Unit . Then call the race yourself ! Click on a state , choose a winner , and watch the electoral votes add up . Cable in the Classroom 's eLECTIONS campaign simulation Make all the decisions for a virtual run for the U.S. presidency , allocating budget , selecting key issues , choosing where to campaign , and responding to the opponent 's moves and other external events . Debate Quiz How much do you know about debate history ? These questions will test your knowledge and include video of some memorable moments in presidential debate history . Related Resources • CNN Election Center 2008 • FEC : 2008 Presidential Caucus and Primary Dates • Project Vote-Smart . org : How Does the Primary Process Work ? • CNN Campaign Trail Jargonbuster iReports Students can demonstrate their understanding of election-related topics by sending in their own Talking Democracy iReports . Click here for information on how to send in iReports .	"  Talking Democracy " breaks down election-year concepts for students and teachers
London , England  CNN  -- The former husband of alleged Russian spy Anna Chapman said her personality changed after she started having "  secretive meetings " with Russian friends a few years ago . Alex Chapman told The Daily Telegraph newspaper he "  hardly knew her anymore " after she became involved with shadowy contacts . Anna Chapman also confided to her husband that her father , Vasily , had been a senior KGB agent . The Chapmans met at a London rave or party in 2001 , when Alex Chapman , then 21 , saw her across the dance floor and told her she was "  the most beautiful girl " he had ever seen . She was 19 . They married six months later . Her "  carefree " bohemian lifestyle soon changed , however , he told the paper , and she became obsessed with money and moving to America . "  It was like someone having a midlife crisis , but in their 20s , " Chapman told the paper . "  She would arrange to go out , but when I said I would join her , she told me not to bother because they would all be speaking Russian . She was adamant I was n't to meet them . " Chapman said he had suspicions she was being "  conditioned " by shadowy contacts by the time their marriage broke down in 2005 . "  She had never been materialistic during the years we were together , but in 2005 and 2006 , after she started having these meetings with people she referred to as ` Russian friends , ' she was transformed into someone with access to a lot of money , boasting about all the influential people she was meeting . " There was such a "  dramatic change " in her thoughts and behavior that "  I felt I hardly knew her anymore , " he said . Chapman is one of 10 suspects arrested this week in the States as part of an alleged Russian spy ring . She was denied bail and has her next hearing July 27 . The suspects were "  trained Russian intelligence operatives , " a U.S. Justice Department spokesman said , and information from court documents alleged they were part of a mission to plant "  deep-cover " agents in the United States . The Justice Department said the suspects were supposed to recruit intelligence agents , but were not directly involved in obtaining U.S. secrets themselves . They were charged with acting as agents of a foreign government , and nine also were charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering . The case resulted from a "  multiyear investigation " conducted by the FBI , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Justice Department 's National Security Division , according to a Justice Department statement . Chapman and another suspect , Mikhail Semenko , allegedly conducted the private wireless computer links to communicate with a Russian government official , one court document alleged . In one instance , Chapman was in a bookshop and the Russian government official drove by in a van to make the wireless connection , the document said . Wednesday , a Security Service officer visited Alex Chapman at his current home in Bournemouth , England , to question him about his ex-wife , the Telegraph reported . The officer wanted to know whether Anna Chapman could have been recruited in London or even spied on Britain while she lived there , the paper said . Alex Chapman met his former father-in-law for the first time during the couple 's delayed honeymoon to Africa in 2002 , he said . "  Her dad was scary , " he said . "  He was very concerned about which direction my life was going , how I was going to earn my money . Anna told me he worked as a diplomat for the Russian government . It was only much later that she told me he had been a KGB agent . " The Chapmans remained close after their divorce in 2006 , the Telegraph reported , and Alex Chapman "  watched with bemusement " as his former spouse achieved success in America . "  She had always said she did n't like America , " Chapman told the paper . "  She did n't like their accents and would always imitate them when American TV shows were on . "  In late 2006 she went back to Russia and said she was staying there for good , but then all of a sudden she wanted to go to America . She started seeing a very rich American guy who took her to the States , and when she came back , she said she loved it . " Anna Chapman told her ex-husband she was having trouble making her Internet real estate agency a success , he said , but the business suddenly flourished last year and she was employing 50 people . "  Clearly a lot of money had been pumped into the business from somewhere , but I could n't work it out , " he said . Anna Chapman "  seemed distant " when he last spoke to her four weeks ago , Alex Chapman told the paper . "  I thought I knew her , but she has taken this path I do n't believe she consciously knew she was going down , " he said . "  I believe in my heart there has been some sort of influence on her , some sort of conditioning . Then , when push came to shove , she found herself in a situation she could n't get out of . "	Alex Chapman tells newspaper he "  hardly knew her anymore " The couple met in London in 2001 After they were married , she became obsessed with money , he says Husband : She was being "  conditioned " by shadowy contacts
CNN  -- Thomas Mueller celebrated signing a new contract with Bayern Munich by helping the Bundesliga champions to win the pre-season German Supercup clash with runners-up Schalke on Saturday . The 20-year-old , a revelation for Germany at the 2010 World Cup after scoring five goals , broke the deadlock in the second half in Augsburg before Miroslav Klose sealed a 2-0 win . Before the match , he agreed a two-year extension to his previous deal , which was due to expire in 2013 . "  A dream has come true for me , and not just in the course of last season , " Mueller , who was joint top scorer in South Africa and also named best young player , told the Bayern website . "  I come from Bavaria , and FC Bayern is my club . I 'm delighted that I 'll continue to wear a Bayern shirt for the next five years . " Bayern lost 3-1 to Schalke last week in the Liga Total Cup friendly event , as coach Louis Van Gaal fielded several reserve players . But the Dutchman included six World Cup stars -- minus the injured Arjen Robben -- in a traditional pre-season fixture between league and cup winners which has been reinstated on the calendar after a 14-year absence . Bayern angry as Dutch star Robben is ruled out Schalke coach Felix Magath fielded his marquee signing , former Real Madrid striker Raul . Bayern , who also won the German Cup last season as well as reaching the final of the UEFA Champions League , took the lead in the 75th minute . Mueller slotted into the empty net when veteran striker Klose put the ball past onrushing goalkeeper Manuel Neuer . Klose , who scored four goals at the World Cup to move second in the all-time scorers list with Gerd Mueller , doubled the lead from close range six minutes later after Ivica Olic beat Schalke 's new Spanish defender Sergio Escudero and provided the assist . Bayern begin the new Bundesliga season at home to the 2009 champions Wolfsburg on August 20 .	Bayern Munich reward World Cup star Thomas Mueller with new deal until 2015 The 20-year-old scores opening goal in German Supercup victory over Schalke He is set up by veteran striker Miroslav Klose , who scores other goal in 2-0 win Bundesliga runners-up Schalke field former Real Madrid striker Raul
CNN  -- If Lagos were a person , he  or she  would be described as "  mad , bad and dangerous to know . " Locals get about in traffic-heavy Lagos on motorcycles known as okadas . But we all know that these types of people are usually the most exciting kind . They are a lot of fun and you just never know what 's going to happen when they 're around . By the same token , any visitor to Lagos should prepare for the unexpected -- it can feel like a literal assault on the senses from the moment you step off the plane and feel the intensity of the dense tropical heat . Lagos is big , brash and bold and creaks under the weight of the 17 million people who live there . The former capital of Nigeria , Lagos remains its economic nerve center and teems constantly with the buzz of buying and selling  usually performed at the top of the vendors ' voices . There 's only one volume level in Lagos and that 's loud . From the constant tooting of horns in the snail-paced traffic , known locally as go slows , to music blaring from homes round-the-clock , the city buzzes constantly with noise . Getting around is not easy and you will be caught in the frequent go slows , where you will be confronted by vendors selling all manner of things , from English football team merchandise to dinner sets to plantain chips to frozen yogurts . Locals often joke they can kit out their entire home in a short car journey . The city is divided into three islands adjacent to each other and the mainland . Most expatriates and employees of multinationals , that proliferate in Lagos , are based on two of the islands ; Ikoyi and Victoria Island . The vast majority of wealth in the city is concentrated on these upmarket islands , with their western-style shopping malls and entertainment complexes . The best restaurants , bars , boutiques and galleries can also be found here and it 's best to stick to these areas to make the most of your time in Lagos . A stay in Lagos would be incomplete without visiting one of the lively and colorful markets like the Balogun market off Breadfruit St , Lagos Island . It is not for the meek or faint-hearted but you 're guaranteed to get a bargain or two if you 're prepared for a good haggle . It 's great for African prints and carvings but is a maze of a market , so best to hop on the back of popular motorcycles known locally as okadas to help you navigate it . To relax from all that haggling , you can head down to one of the five beaches in the city -- the best of them is Tarkwa Bay -- a small beach at the entrance to the Lagos port . It is easily accessible by boat from Tarzan Jetty at Maroko  around $ 6 per person  or under Falomo bridge on Victoria Island . At Tarkwa Bay you can browse through some local African arts , cloth or even locally produced honey brought round by the occasional hawker . For a spot of lunch , make like locals and indulge in some "  pepper fish " or suya -- very spicy chunks of meat , similar to kebabs , cooked over a charcoal grill  , washed down with ice cold beer . For authentic Nigerian cuisine that wo n't give your stomach too much "  wahalla "  trouble  , the Yellow Chili restaurant on Oju Olubun Close , Victoria Island is recommended . Those with an adventurous palate can order the special delicacy of Isi-Ewu - goat 's head , while others can tuck into jollof rice and chicken or spicy bean cakes  moi-moi  -- a favorite with most Nigerians . For a spot of culture , a short taxi ride away is one of the city 's main attractions , the National Museum on King George V Road , Onikan . It opened in 1957 and houses bronze sculptures and ivory carvings from Benin dating back 300 years . Is Lagos the most exciting city in Africa ? Use the Sound Off box below to have your say . If you are in the market for some art , you can pick up some tasteful , but admittedly , not cheap , Nigerian art at the Bogobiri boutique hotel in West Ikoyi . The hotel owner 's brother , Azu , will take you to his studio where you can see the artists at work . Lagos is a see-and-be-seen place and later you can party at one of the most fashionable places in town , Caliente on Goriola Street , off Adeola Odeku Street , a fun cocktail bar with a South American vibe and salsa dancing . Lagosians also let their hair down over a bucket of champagne or two at Bar Ten in Saka Tinubu Street , owned by Nigerian football star Jay Jay Okocha . There 's no chance of missing it as his name is engraved with golden letters above the entrance ! Be prepared to empty your wallet though , as Lagosians are big spenders . However , if your taste is less opulent , visit one of the numerous beer parlors found on every street corner and which are open 24 hours a day . Lagos is a city that never sleeps . For those staying on the mainland , check if musician Femi Kuti is in town on a Sunday and go to "  The Shrine " , Ikeja - the home of Afrobeat . This is an amazing experience reminiscent of his dad , the legendary musician Fela Kuti . Or you can catch the current king of Afrobeat , Lagbaja at his club Motherlan ' on Opebi Road , Ikeja . The clubs do n't kick off in earnest until around 10pm and you can party well into the night , just do n't forget to make it in time for your flight home ! CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report	Lagos is a vibrant , exuberant city that never sleeps You can shop for African fabrics at the local markets , just be prepared to haggle ! Party at The Shrine nightclub , home of legendary Afrobeat musician Fela Kuti
WIRED  -- Google 's netbook-friendly Chrome OS takes direct aim at Microsoft , whose eight-year-old Windows XP leads the netbook market . But the odds are stacked against Google . Despite its buzz , the odds are stacked against Google 's Chrome OS becoming a serious rival to Windows . In competing with Windows , Google Chrome OS will have to deal with many of the same challenges Linux has : compatibility , usability , and unfamiliarity . The record is n't good : In the past year , Linux-based netbooks have rapidly lost market share to Microsoft , as people find that Linux does n't work as expected , may not support the applications or peripherals they 're used to using , and is just plain different . "  The propeller heads or early adopters understood what Linux was about , " says Richard Shim , an analyst with IDC , a market research company . "  But as netbooks have gone mainstream , users want the apps they are familiar with rather than the non-standard ones on Linux . " While sales of netbooks have exploded , Linux 's market share on these devices has dramatically declined . In 2008 , about 24.5 % of netbooks shipped with an Linux operating system , estimates IDC . This year , it 's expected to plunge to 4.5 % and in 2010 , only 3 percent of all netbooks will run a Linux OS . Even if it offers the same or better features than similarly-equipped Windows notebooks , Google Chrome OS will face the same uphill battle Linux has . Here 's what Google needs to figure out to make Chrome OS a success . Compatibility with popular applications Some of the earliest netbooks featuring Linux faced high rates of return because they did not support popular applications , says Shim . "  Many users found that the universe of applications compatible with Windows was much larger than those with Linux , " Shim says . "  So when they looked at their Linux netbooks not only did it run non-standard apps but also a graphical interface they were n't familiar with . " Chrome OS will run on top of a Linux kernel , although Google has said that it will have an entirely new interface and will run all web applications rather than native Linux apps . Multimedia compatibility issues in some flavors of Linux helped add to early customer confusion , says Chris Kenyon , director of OEM services at Canonical , which supports Ubuntu . "  Some of those Linux netbooks that did n't have Flash preinstalled or multimedia codecs pre-installed faced lot of problems , " he says . Translation : If a customer ca n't watch YouTube on her new netbook , she 's more likely to return the netbook rather than install Adobe 's Flash plugin for Linux . What Google must do : Google Chrome OS ca n't afford to make those mistakes . Flash support and the ability to play a wide variety of multimedia files will have to be standard . And where popular application support is missing , Google will have to ensure that it provides satisfying alternatives  such as Google Docs in place of Microsoft Word  . Usability User interface is a big factor for computer buyers . Many netbook buyers are first-time Linux users . And these newbies have often been stumped by the operating system 's unusual interface . Even with very Windows-like and user-friendly Linux distributions , like Ubuntu , they often do n't know how to perform simple system management or hardware configuration tasks . Options for those exist on the OS but new users have to put in the effort to learn , which can be a turnoff . Chrome OS will have to find a way to offer its customers a familiar graphical user interface that makes it easy to do the tasks they have been used to on a Windows operating system . "  UI is a very significant component for new operating systems , " says Shim . "  You have to fight the first impression that this is different and then you have to sell people on why different is better . " What Google must do : Google needs to integrate Gmail , Google Docs and the Chrome web browser in a package that makes it easy to not just use these individual programs but also perform other routine tasks , such as installing new software or changing display configurations . Compatibility with popular hardware Google will also be under pressure to ensure Chrome OS works flawlessly with gadgets such as cameras , printers , smartphones and e-book readers . So far , Linux netbooks have had a spotty record . Some such as Ubuntu or Red Hat offer better support for popular gadgets but still users have faced compatibility problems . A recent review from the Wall Street Journal complained that Linux-based netbooks could not load software drivers to print photos to Canon and Dell printers . The review also said there were problems loading pictures over a USB cable from the Canon PowerShot SD750 digital camera onto a Dell Mini 10 netbook running Ubuntu . Another big stumbling block for Google will be iTunes . The popularity of iPods means that many people expect their netbook to sync with their iPods . However , netbooks running Linux do not support iTunes , including Ubuntu , and that means no iPod or iPhone support . "  iTunes itself does n't work on Ubuntu but you can use emulators , " says Kenyon . "  It 's something we would like to change . " It also has to be dead-simple to use hardware that 's pre-installed on your netbook , such as a webcam , a Bluetooth connection , or a 3G wireless data card . What Google must do : Ubuntu and other Linux vendors may not have the clout to get Apple to support Linux , but Google could make it happen for Chrome OS . Google and Apple share a close relationship , and Google CEO Eric Schmidt is a member of Apple 's board of directors . Also , drivers for Wi-Fi hardware or webcams in the netbooks come pre-loaded with Windows netbooks ; Chrome OS will have to ensure it offers customers the same simplicity right out of the box . Resistance to change PC users may complain about glitches in the Windows operating system , the viruses and the blue screen of death . But unhappy as they may be , they are not beating down the doors of any of the Linux vendors to get a new OS . More than 80 percent of the at least billion PCs worldwide run some version of Windows , and 96 percent of netbooks are running Windows , according to NPD Group . Changing consumer expectations has been one of the biggest challenges that Linux vendors face . Google will have to deal with this , too . What Google must do : Massive advertising . Fortunately for Google , this is a business it knows well . Support from netbook makers One of Microsoft 's biggest strengths is the relationships it has built with device makers such as Dell , HP , Lenovo and Asus . As a new entrant Google will have to work with these PC makers to ensure that netbooks come pre-loaded with Chrome OS . Google can probably swing a few early deals , as it has with Android , but to be a force to reckon with it needs to ensure widespread availability . So far , Linux vendors have found that difficult to get OEMs completely on board . PC makers do n't want to jeopardize their relationship with Microsoft , which powers the higher-margin products such as desktops and notebooks . What Google must do : Wheel-and-deal to ensure that Google Chrome OS is available on as many netbooks as possible . Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2009 Wired.com .	The odds are stacked against Google 's new operating system as a rival to Windows Chrome OS must face the same challenges as Linux : compatibility and unfamiliarity A big stumbling block for Google will be whether its system supports iTunes Google must work with PC makers to ensure netbooks are pre-loaded with Chrome
Orlando  CNN  -- What had been planned as an extended weekend work day in the Casey Anthony murder trial abruptly ended Saturday morning as the judge overseeing the case ordered a recess over the sudden emergence of what one analyst said must be a major issue . "  Obviously it 's big , and obviously it 's troublesome and obviously it 's something that ca n't be disclosed , " HLN legal analyst Linda Kenney Baden said . Judge Belvin Perry emerged from his chambers Saturday morning after nearly an hour of discussions with attorneys both in and out of the courtroom to announce the day 's planned testimony would be canceled . He said only that the delay was due to a legal issue unrelated to complaints prosecutors raised first thing Saturday morning about expected testimony from Kenneth Furton , a chemistry expert the defense had planned to call Saturday . Anthony 's lawyers are trying to discredit the prosecution theory that the Orlando woman rendered her 2-year-old daughter Caylee unconscious with chloroform , duct-taped her mouth and nose and stored the body in her trunk for a few days before dumping it in the woods . Anthony , 25 , is charged with seven counts , including first-degree murder . The defense says Caylee accidentally drowned in the family pool and that Anthony and her father panicked and covered it up . In what has become a familiar strain during the trial , prosecutor Jeff Ashton complained to Perry that defense attorneys did n't disclose Furton 's plans to testify about things that were n't contained in his initial report provided to prosecutors or mentioned in his formal interview with them . Perry has previously admonished Baez for failing to disclose planned testimony to prosecutors , going so far as to say he will consider contempt proceedings against him once the trial is over . Furton was to testify about explanations for vile odors and the presence of chloroform in the trunk of Casey Anthony 's car , where prosecutors claim Anthony stored the body of 2-year-old Casey Anthony before dumping the remains in a wooded field . Chloroform can be given off by a decomposing body , and one prosecution expert described the levels of the substance in the trunk of Anthony 's white Pontiac Sunfire as "  shockingly high . " Several witnesses also testified for the state about odors that they said smelled like the unmistakable scent of human decomposition . Furton did not provide specific alternative explanations for the presence of odors or chloroform in his initial report or in his interview with prosecutors , Ashton complained . "  Once again we are in the position of experts having supplemented their opinions without notifying the state , " Ashton said . Defense attorney Jose Baez disagreed , saying nothing in Furton 's planned testimony differed from his previous opinions . "  Mr. Ashton can continue to make these allegations and make these allegations and then suddenly they become true in his world , " Baez said . "  But I do not believe they are true . " Perry indicated that he would not allow Furton to testify on Saturday , but did n't rule on the controversy before ordering the trial to recess until 8:30 a.m. Monday morning . But he did hint at his frustration . "  You would think this would have grown old by now but I guess some things never change , " he said . Saturday marked the end of the fifth week of testimony in the trial , which began with opening statements on May 24 . Perry lengthened Saturday 's work day from the usual half-day in an effort to speed the trial 's conclusion . He originally told jurors , who are being housed in an Orlando hotel shielded from media coverage of the trial , that the trial could last six to eight weeks . On Friday -- before Saturday 's delay -- Baez said he expected the defense to rest on Wednesday or possibly Thursday . That would leave room for a rebuttal case from the prosecution and closing statements before the Independence Day holiday . It is unclear how Saturday 's delay will affect those plans . Anthony could face the death penalty if convicted of the most serious charge , first degree murder . The charges against her also include misleading authorities and aggravated child abuse . Caylee was not reported missing to police until July 15 , 2008 , when Anthony 's mother , Cindy Anthony , tracked down her daughter and demanded answers regarding Caylee 's whereabouts . Prosecution witnesses described Anthony 's behavior in the month after Caylee was last seen as nonchalant , testifying how she spent time with her boyfriend , went shopping and to nightclubs . Baez said in his opening statement that Anthony behaved as she did because years of sexual abuse by her father and had conditioned her to conceal the truth and hide her pain . George Anthony has denied the claims that he abused his daughter or helped conceal his granddaughter 's death . CNN 's Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	NEW : Judge abruptly calls recess in the Casey Anthony murder trial NEW : Judge Belvin Perry cites only an unspecified legal issue NEW : Before recess , lawyers tussle again over undisclosed testimony Casey Anthony is charged in the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter , Caylee
CNN  -- Remember those carefree days when a gallon of gas was only $ 5 ? And when you could cheerfully mail a letter for the rock-bottom price of 50 cents ? Just saying those words out loud here to see what they sound like -- just trying to imagine what it will be like , 50 or 60 years from now , when Americans who are young today look back over their lives and recall fondly the second decade of the 21st century , when prices were low and reasonable . When you could actually buy a gallon of gas for five bucks , or a postage stamp for half a buck . Back before prices started to soar . Will it actually happen ? Will the once-unheard-of prices we appear headed toward seem someday like great bargains , to be remembered warmly by Americans accustomed to paying $ 20 a gallon for gas , and $ 6 to mail a first-class letter ? It seems at the same time impossible and inevitable . If , as some experts are predicting , gas hits the unprecedented $ 5 mark this summer , it may have an impact on the presidential campaign . CNN 's Jack Cafferty , speaking on "  The Situation Room , " said that regardless of the reasons for skyrocketing gas prices -- tension in the Middle East , the closing of refineries , increased demand for gas during summer vacation season -- "  Whether it 's fair or not , the American motoring public has always tended to blame the guy in the White House for high gas prices . " Yet , political impact in an election year aside , we seem to be about to cross some invisible symbolic line with the possibility of $ 5-a-gallon gas and 50-cent first-class stamps , which the U.S. Postal Service is recommending . It 's the definition of sticker shock , and the question is , will people accept the double whammy as something that just had to happen , or will they feel : Too much is at last too much . We 've lost our patience . Economists can make all the arguments they want about adjustments for inflation , but when you recall what gas once sold for , the nostalgia is not so much for a specific price point but for the freedom that came with going out for a long , casual drive without worrying it would break the bank . The "  See the U.S.A. in Your Chevrolet " song was not directed at a nation nervous about the expense of filling up the tank . In 1950 , a gallon of gas cost approximately 27 cents ; by 1970 it had only gone up to approximately 35 cents . The highways were just waiting ; as Dan Seals sang in his wonderful , if underappreciated , ode to the joys of driving , "  My Old Yellow Car " : "  There was no road too winding and nowhere too far/With two bucks of gas and my old yellow car . " You remember your time on Earth by the mileposts along the way -- somewhere in the back of your mind , you know the price of gas the first time you ever bought a gallon , and the price of a postage stamp the first time you were aware they existed . From 1932 until 1958 , the price of a first-class stamp did n't budge . For those 26 years , it was stuck at 3 cents . When it finally went up to 4 cents in ' 58 , it was major news . When and if a stamp hits 50 cents , no one is really going to have to ask why . There are fixed costs to operating the Postal Service , many of them tied to labor , and the funds to support those costs are rapidly drying up in the age of e-mail . In the most recent fiscal quarter , the Postal Service lost $ 3.3 billion . In that same quarter , the volume of mail sent was down 6 percent from the previous year . Over the holidays , the Greeting Card Association reported , 1.5 billion holiday cards , the kind people mail to each other , were sold -- down from 2.7 billion as recently as 1995 . But knowing the reasons the Postal Service needs more money does not erase the fact that the 50-cent stamp , like the $ 5 gallon of gas , takes us to a place we seldom considered we 'd be . And it does n't feel like this is the finish line . People get used to anything -- take a look at the price of a cocktail in a big-city restaurant , or a ticket to a major-league baseball game . Outlandish turns into commonplace . Yet some things -- gas , stamps -- do n't qualify as optional , discretionary purchases ; people need them when they need them , which is where the frustration comes in . The one-two punch of $ 5 gas and 50-cent stamps has such powerful symbolism precisely because those two products matter so much to so many people . And if the day should ever come when Americans look back on the five-buck gallon and the half-buck postage stamp with the same wistful longing that older Americans today feel for the 31-cent gallon and the 3-cent stamp ... Well , that does n't seem possible . But , then , neither did this . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	In 1950 , a gallon of gas was about 27 cents ; until 1958 , a first-class stamp was 3 cents Some experts are predicting that gas price will hit the unprecedented $ 5 mark soon Bob Greene : we seem to inch closer to an invisible symbolic line with that possibility Greene : Do n't be surprised if gas and stamp prices hit those numbers
CNN  -- The always-on-the-road business traveler knows what it 's like to bounce from no-fuss airport hotels to bland corporate housing setups along the highway . Extended-stay options tend to offer the bare minimum in spaces that lack personality  and sometimes amenities  . But there are plenty of executive luxuries to aspire to when the purse strings loosen on your expense account . Upscale properties exist that will not only live up to travel fantasies of butlers and chefs who cater to all your needs , but surpass them with the kinds of services and features that can make you  almost  look forward to business travel . Yes , these properties come with high price tags and these places are n't anything like home , but in many ways , they 're better . Rise of the two-in-one hotel The Pierre New York This luxury hotel in Manhattan 's Midtown neighborhood has always welcomed high-profile , long-term guests . But an official private residential stay program  which requires a 30-night minimum starting at $ 9,450  for travelers who need a local pied-a-terre was only launched in January 2014 . Guests with reservations for 30 consecutive days  in any of the hotel 's 198 rooms and suites  will have access to a dedicated manager , who handles The Pierre 's residential service , the Jaguar house car , private in-room spa treatments , twice-daily housekeeping and exclusive appointments with the area 's most acclaimed boutiques . Plus , for guests who need foreign language assistance  for that important meeting with a CEO from Brazil , perhaps  , the hotel can partner them with some of the city 's top-notch specialists . www.tajhotels.com The makings of a modern business hotel AKA Beverly Hills Beverly Hills , California AKA is renowned for its upscale extended-stay properties all over the United States  plus one in London  , where modern , chic accommodations with plenty of on-site offerings have really elevated the home-away-from-home model . Its Beverly Hill location  rates from $ 345 a night with a week-long minimum  , which opened in November 2012 , is no different . In fact , it might be one of the most luxurious in the portfolio , where you can pick from one-bedroom , two-bedroom and penthouse units as well as private-access townhouses . Rooms and suites come with gourmet kitchens , living room fireplaces and Bulgari bath amenities . Some even have private terraces . Guests also get preferred access to neighbor Wolfgang Puck 's acclaimed local restaurant Spago , which can provide in-room meals , too . Plus , AKA Beverly Hills recently unveiled a.cinema , a private , resident-only theater . www.stayaka.com Rosewood Sand Hill Menlo Park , California Long-term travelers to the Bay Area 's business-heavy Silicon Valley will be itching to stay at Rosewood Sand Hill , which has five stunning villas  starting with 2,300-square-foot , one-bedrooms  for extended-stay guests of 30 days or more  rates from $ 1,500 a night  . In addition to a stylish decor , you 'll have a high-tech kitchen  which can be stocked with all of your favorite treats and drinks prior to arrival  , walk-in closets in every bedroom , a small but private backyard , in-room dining from the hotel 's Michelin-starred restaurant Madera , and car access within five miles of the property . If you need to keep up with fitness and sport for your stay , there are also golf privileges at Stanford University Golf Course plus group fitness classes at the spa included in the rate . www.rosewoodhotels.com The Surrey New York New York City 's only Relais & Chateaux property , located on the Upper East Side , has designed some of the coziest suites in town , with contemporary furnishings  Duxiana beds , for instance  and artwork from around the world . The personal touches in the extended-stay suites  starting at $ 11,000 per month  in The Surrey will make you feel like you 're just staying in your very own stylish Manhattan pad . For everything else just ring down to the 24-hour concierge who can run any errand , or ask to have your meals come from Daniel Boulud 's Michelin-starred kitchen at Café Boulud , The Surrey 's on-site restaurant . www.thesurrey.com Milestone Hotel London Located in London 's chi-chi Kensington neighborhood  right by Hyde Park  , the Milestone is a high-design hotel dating back to the 1920s . It boasts that kind of look-at-me décor  think floral area rugs , studded leather chairs , crystal chandeliers and shaggy duvets all in one room  that might not be to everyone 's liking , but most will be pleased with plenty of amenities and services . Long-term guests of at least seven days  who should spring for one of the beautiful apartments on the property  , can get their first or last night comped  as long as it 's not during the months of June to August  , a one-way airport transfer and an afternoon tea service . Rates start at $ 1,017 with a minimum of seven days . Last year the hotel launched bespoke wellness itineraries prepared by local health and fitness expert Andy Elliott , who will start the process with a phone consultation before you even leave your home town . There 's no reason to let go of healthy living just because you 're traveling . www.milestonehotel.com La Reserve Paris In impossibly chic Place du Trocadéro , these luxury apartments offer very impressive views of the Eiffel Tower . But what 's happening inside is just as nice . The 10 units here  starting with a one-bedroom apartment for $ 1,988 per night all the way up to a triplex  are all super spacious  the smallest comes in at 1,615 square feet  and decorated with interior designer Remi Tessier 's exquisite taste for subtle luxury . Everything is sleek and chic , from the whitewash spiral staircases to the rich chocolate-brown wood furniture to the sculptural mixed-media lighting fixtures . Services are all about giving you a personalized but homey experience , like the 24-hour security , in-house chefs to prepare meals and grocery delivery from nearby Bon Marché 's La Grande Epicerie . www.lareserve-paris.com Grosvenor House Apartments London Overlooking Hyde Park in London 's Mayfair neighborhood , the 130 contemporary residences here -- which range from $ 403-a-night studios to five-bedroom penthouse suites , all with full kitchens -- offer the ultimate in long-term accommodations . The guest-only  and , of course , guests of guests  restaurant in the super-high atrium , for example , is the perfect spot for a power breakfast with high-profile clients . And when you need to unwind , the 24-hour concierge can arrange all sorts of things , from private dinners to in-room spa treatments . The apartments , run by Jumeirah Living , also host exclusive events to introduce London to Grosvenor House residents . This might include evenings with locals , classes with captains of industry and cultural gatherings such as previews of an upcoming art exhibit . www.jumeirah.com Note : Hotel rates are current as of publication and subject to fluctuate seasonally .	These hotels fuel unlimited expense-account fantasies The Pierre in New York has recently added an extended-stay program In Paris , La Reserve offers deluxe apartments starting at a cool $ 1,988 per night
Los Angeles  CNN  Even as major airports across the country clamp down on employee screening , a lone wolf could still potentially slip through security , a top airport official said . Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . Patrick Gannon , police chief of Los Angeles International Airport , said the 54,000 employees with security badges undergo recurring criminal background checks and random screening . But even that may not be enough . "  I agree that in any airport throughout the United States and here also , there is never a 100 % guarantee that somebody who wanted to do something illegal or wrong could n't make that happen , " Gannon said . Only two major airports in the United States -- Miami and Orlando -- conduct full employee screening by requiring all employees with access to secure areas to pass through a metal detector , a CNN investigation found . Other airports like Los Angeles conduct random screenings . Many airports do n't do any screenings at all other than a criminal background check before employees are hired . The crackdown on employee screening comes after the arrest of a Delta baggage handler and passenger accused of gun smuggling at Atlanta 's Hartsfield Jackson International Airport in December . Both Atlanta and Los Angeles have since begun restricting access by closing access doors that lead to the airfield . Nevertheless , Gannon acknowledged that the potential of a lone wolf committing a crime at the airport worries him . "  It concerns me all the time , " he said . With so many employees , " -LSB- T -RSB- here is no way that you are going to have the ability to screen every single person that comes to work in the airport . " At LAX , employees punch in a code and swipe their badge to access the airfield . Gannon said about 18 out of approximately 300 access doors have been closed as the airport evaluates employee screening procedures . He said , "  the more you limit the access doors , the more you can focus things like spot checks and screenings and cameras . " Even at Miami International Airport , Gannon said , "  they still ca n't 100 % say that they can keep contraband or any type of item out of their restricted area . " Lauren Stover , Miami airport security director , agreed that ID badges alone "  are not enough -LSB- to -RSB- stop malicious intent . " "  You can vet employees for basic information on their backgrounds , but it 's not going to prevent them from carrying out some kind of malicious activity against an airport . And airports need to know their threats . For us , we have threats from criminal activity to being targets of a terrorism attack , " Stover said . In the wake of congressional scrutiny of airport employee screening procedures , private security guards at Atlanta 's airport last month began checking employee bags as the first step toward moving toward full employee screening . The airport also plans to reduce the number of secure access doors from 70 to 10 . "  In the last six months ... people are being recruited to engage in terrorist acts , " said Miguel Southwell , the airport 's general manager . "  People are being recruited from the United States . So now we have a greater insider threat . " The TSA is conducting a review of the feasibility of full employee screening , although previous government studies have concluded that would be too expensive and inefficient . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Airports are stepping up employee screening Still , there 's never a 100 % guarantee of safety , airport official says CNN investigation found only two major U.S. airports conduct full employee screenings
The escalating conflict in Ukraine "  essentially puts the nation on the brink of civil war , " Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Tuesday . His assessment came during a telephone conversation with his German counterpart , according to the Kremlin , the same day Ukraine 's military launched its first , formal military action against pro-Russian militants with troops retaking an airport in the eastern Donetsk region after a reported clash with gunmen . The military action came a day after a Ukrainian ultimatum expired for protesters to lay down their arms , a move that appeared to signal an escalation in the crisis that has sparked a diplomatic row between Ukraine , its Western allies and Russia . With pro-Russian militants seizing government and police buildings in as many as 10 towns and cities in eastern Ukraine , acting President Oleksandr Turchynov told Parliament "  an anti-terrorist operation " was under way in the region . The aim of the military operation is to "  stop attempts to tear Ukraine to pieces , " he told lawmakers . Witnesses reported hearing gunfire and aircraft that appeared to be coming from the airfield in Kramatorsk , which Turchynov 's office said was under the control of Ukrainain special forces late Tuesday . There were conflicting reports about casualties , with Russian state-run media citing varying casualty claims supplied by militants . According to the reports , there were either two injured or four killed , claims that CNN can not independently verify . Brink of civil war ? Putin 's comments followed similar ones hours earlier from Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev warned Ukraine was on a violent path . "  Ukraine is on the brink of civil war . It is scary . And I hope that everyone who is responsible for making decisions at the moment -- I mean both , the current Ukrainian authorities , who we ca n't consider legitimate , but these are the authorities who came to power as result of a coup -- has brains to avoid driving the country to such shocks , " he said at a news conference Tuesday in Moscow . The pro-Russian uprising follows Russia 's annexation last month of Ukraine 's Crimea region , a move that emboldened other pro-Russian Ukrainians in the country 's east to rise up . Russia has said it reserves the right to intervene to protect the rights of ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine . During the conversation with German Chancellor Angela Merkel , Putin also raised concerns about what he called an "  anti-constitutional course " taken by Ukrainian authorities in Kiev to suppress protests . Despite what Merkel 's office described as "  different assessments of the events on the ground in Ukraine , " the focus of the conversation was on preparations for a meeting in Geneva among the foreign ministers of Russia , Ukraine , the United States and the European Union to find a way to reduce tensions in the region . In a sign of the divisions roiling the country , YouTube footage posted online appeared to show two openly pro-Russian presidential candidates who have demonstrated support for separatists being antagonized by crowds in separate incidents in Kiev on Monday night . In one video , Mikhail Dobkin , a presidential candidate for the Party of Regions , the party of ousted President Viktor Yanukovych , had flour and green liquid thrown at him as he addressed crowds . Another clip showed Oleg Tsarov , an independent candidate who was expelled from the Party of Regions , speaking to people without a shirt as he apparently sought to show the bruising he 'd received from an aggressive crowd . In the third video , Tsarov tries to leave a TV station , where crowds shout "  Shame ! Shame ! Shame ! " His supporters and protesters end up in a brief scuffle . CNN has not been able independently to verify the amateur video clips . NATO , EU are ` deeply concerned ' The escalating tensions in the region -- along with reports of violence -- have raised concerns among European Union defense ministers and NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen , who met Tuesday in Luxembourg . As he arrived for the talks , Rasmussen told reporters he was "  deeply concerned " by the latest developments in Ukraine . "  I call on Russia to de-escalate the crisis , to pull back its troops from Ukraine 's borders , to stop destabilizing the situation in Ukraine and make clear that it does n't support the violent actions of pro-Russian separatists , " he said . "  Russia should stop being part of the problem and start being part of the solution . " He said NATO and the EU are not discussing military options and that they support a diplomatic and political solution to the crisis . "  However , we are focused militarily on strengthening defense of our allies . That 's our core task , " he said . Ukraine deployed a National Guard battalion of 350 troops to the Donetsk region from Kiev on Tuesday morning , said Evgen Rojenyuk , a spokesman for Ukraine 's National Security and Defense Council . The National Guard troops -- many of them former street protesters who signed up after the interim government took power in February -- have had only a few weeks of training . Military column A CNN team in eastern Ukraine encountered a large Ukrainian military column traveling on roads leading from the city of Donetsk toward other towns in the region . The column included more than 20 armored personnel carriers , along with support vehicles , and a helicopter circled overhead . The troops , who were carrying the Ukrainian flag , appeared to be headed north and east , although their precise destination was unclear . The pro-Russian mayor of Slaviansk claimed Tuesday that a Ukrainian military convoy including troops and armored vehicles had now surrounded the town , Russian state news agency ITAR-Tass reported . "  If they try to move in , we will have to stop them , " it quoted him as saying . Pro-Russian protesters seized a police building over the weekend in Slaviansk , some 100 miles from the border with Russia . From a hill overlooking the town , a CNN team saw no obvious signs of a large-scale operation , such as military helicopters or planes . Amid the unfolding crisis , Ukraine 's most senior security and defense officials are to meet for a closed session with all members of Parliament on Wednesday morning , Turchynov said . Pretext for intervention ? The unrest is the latest in a series of events ratcheting up tensions between Ukraine and Russia , which Kiev accuses of fomenting trouble in Russian-speaking eastern Ukraine . After then-Ukrainian leader Yanukovych backed out of a deal with the European Union in November in favor of closer ties with Russia , he was forced from office in February , the result of months of protests in Kiev . Distrust among the population in eastern Ukraine , the base of Yanukovych 's power , grew as the new national government shifted rapidly in a pro-Western direction . A short time later , pro-Russian elements occupied the Black Sea peninsula of Crimea , which Russia annexed in March . Since then , pro-Russian protesters have taken to the streets in eastern Ukraine and in some cases stormed and occupied buildings . Kiev 's fragile new government and the West accuse Russia of destabilizing the region as a pretext to potentially send in troops to protect the local Russian-speaking population . NATO says Russian armed forces are massing on Ukraine 's eastern border , while Moscow says they are merely carrying out military exercises . A United Nations human rights report released Tuesday on the situation in Ukraine cited an urgent need to counter "  misinformation , propaganda and incitement to hatred " in the country to avoid the further escalation of tensions . "  Facts on the ground need to be established to help reduce the risk of radically different narratives being exploited for political ends , " said U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay . Russia sanctions : Why the U.S. and Europe are not quite in step	Vladimir Putin says escalating conflict puts Ukraine on the "  brink of civil war " Ukraine 's military retakes airport from pro-Russian militants , official says Large Ukrainian military convoy seen traveling on roads in Donetsk region Ukraine 's acting President says an "  anti-terrorist operation " is under way in Donetsk region
Brownville , Nebraska  CNN  -- A top manager at one of Nebraska 's two nuclear power plants says he 's "  100 percent confident " the facility 's countermeasures will keep the overflowing Missouri River from damaging critical gear and causing a hazard to the public . The Cooper Nuclear Power Station , about 80 miles south of Omaha , is still in operation and several feet above the swollen waterway . Nuclear Regulatory Commission Chairman Gregory Jaczko toured the plant Monday , along with a plant north of Omaha that is already surrounded by floodwaters . "  I am not going to predict what is going to happen with the water level , " Jaczko said . "  Our job is to make sure the licensee does their job to make sure the plant stays safe . Right now , it appears they are taking proactive steps to do that . " The NRC says both Cooper and the Fort Calhoun plant , about 20 miles north of Omaha , have taken precautions against this summer 's flooding . And Brian Hasselbring , a reactor operator at Cooper , said even high water wo n't cause a radiation leak . "  I am 100 percent confident that we are not going to have an issue here , " Hasselbring said . "  If river levels continue to rise , we will follow our procedures , we will shut down the plant , do whatever is required to maintain our safety . " At Fort Calhoun , as much as two feet of water has forced plant workers to navigate a catwalk from the parking lot , and a water-filled berm that surrounded the reactor containment structure and auxiliary buildings was punctured by a worker early Sunday . A representative of the manufacturer is at the plant helping assess whether the berm can be repaired , the plant 's owner , the Omaha Public Power District , said . But the plant has been shut down for refueling since April , and authorities have put floodgates , sandbags and other barriers in place to help protect the facility . Despite the flooding , Fort Calhoun is designed to withstand water up to 1,014 feet above mean sea level , according to the Omaha Public Power District . The river is not expected to exceed 1,008 feet , the OPPD said . Plant managers also have brought in additional diesel fuel for generators should the site lose electricity . Workers switched to those generators briefly to keep the plant 's spent fuel cool after water came too close to electrical transformers , but the plant was again drawing power from the electrical grid , utility spokesman Jeff Hanson said Monday . "  The plant is designed , when they get to these higher flood levels , to use their diesel generators when necessary , " Jaczko said . It was catastrophic flooding from Japan 's March 11 tsunami that knocked out cooling systems at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , resulting in three reactors melting down and producing the worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl . This year 's Midwestern flooding has also led to a spate of rumors about the Fort Calhoun plant that OPPD and the NRC have been trying to knock down . The utility has set up a "  flood rumor control " page to reassure the public that there has been no release of radioactivity from the plant . An electrical fire June 7 did knock out cooling to its spent fuel storage pool for about 90 minutes , but the coolant water did not reach a boiling point before backup pumps went into service , it has said . Heavy rainfall in Montana and North Dakota , combined with melting snow from the Rocky Mountains , have sent the Missouri surging downstream this summer . The river washed over and punched through levees in northwestern Missouri , spurring authorities to urge about 250 nearby residents to leave their homes . The 6 to 12 inches of rainfall in the upper Missouri basin in the past few weeks is nearly a normal year 's worth , and runoff from the mountain snowpack is 140 % of normal , according to forecasters . The Missouri River is forecast to remain at record or near-record levels from south of Omaha all the way to Atchison , Kansas , into next week . The flooding is affecting communities in Nebraska , Kansas and Missouri . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	NEW : Nuclear regulator tours plants along the swollen Missouri River Critical gear has been protected at both plants , officials say Floodwaters have encroached on the idled Fort Calhoun plant The still-operating Cooper plant remains several feet above the river
CNN  -- Gabrielle Giffords submitted her resignation as a U.S. representative from Arizona before Congress on Wednesday , and an initial reaction might be a sense of despair about her decision to step aside . Many have imposed a narrative of national recovery on Giffords ' ability to run for her office again and take her oath in a clear strong voice . But in this case , it would be a mistake to confuse holding public office with redemption . A congressional seat is not supposed to be a plot point for Hollywood endings , and by passing up the chance to run again , Giffords has demonstrated a respect for the principles of representative democracy . The authors of the Constitution intended Congress to be a rotating body , free from the cults of personality and lifetime sinecures that characterized European governance . Although it is human nature to see a kind of triumph in being able to come back to one 's job after an injury , Giffords understands that the office belonged not to her but to southern Arizona . She made the decision after a year of rehabilitation , and she deserved that time to make a hard call with the best evidence . Her choice this week recalls an old observation of Harry Truman , who said he always tried to remember that the crowds cheering and the bands playing "  Hail to the Chief " were not for him personally . They were for the office of the presidency . The office of Congress may also be too small for Giffords . This is a body that commands the respect of 8 % of the electorate : a record low . And despite the illusion of glamour that surrounds it , the actual work can be physically taxing and spiritually dreary . Traveling back and forth from Washington each week , visiting the House floor multiple times a day for procedural votes , sweet-talking big donors , finding positions that will please the district without making you feel like a sellout -- all of these can take their toll . After her bruising re-election fight of 2010 -- one of the nastiest races in recent local memory , with an eerie pallor of violence hanging over it -- Giffords herself doubted whether she wanted the job much longer . She now has a golden opportunity to start a "  Gabrielle Giffords Institute " for the study of gun violence or mental health care reform or solar energy or whatever public policy issue she wants to emphasize . Her moral authority and influence may be better used outside the halls of Congress , where she would have been inevitably fettered by the daily grind of politics and partisanship . In her video announcement , she said : "  I will return , and we will work together for Arizona and this great country . " And we should take her at her word , even if that does n't mean a return to elective office . To be sure , this is not the future anyone would have wanted . There is enormous cruelty in her injury -- the robbery of her ability to speak -- which was one of her truly exceptional qualities . I remember thinking near the end of her first campaign for Congress , in 2006 , that the only thing that could deny her a victory over her maladroit opponent would be some kind of epic goof made during a campaign rally or a debate -- a vague exclamation taken out of context or a damaging statement made in passion . But such a possibility was remote . "  Gabrielle does n't really make mistakes , " I told a friend . She possessed a preternaturally strong sense of control over her words . This was also true in private conversation . Giffords had that quality , cherished among leaders , to gauge the emotional temperature of the person she was with and adjust her own bearing accordingly . There were many times in our friendship when she managed to say the unexpectedly perfect thing in the moment : a key piece of advice , a joke , an anecdote that had precise relevance . There is a picture of her that is difficult for me to view . It is the last photograph of her taken before the 16 seconds of gunfire that would change everything . She is standing in front of the Safeway on January 8 , 2011 , looking intently at a middle-aged woman named Doris Tucker , who had been next in line to speak with her In back of her is the plate-glass front of the grocery store on which the smeary reflections of a few people are visible . Out of this crowd a gunman was about to emerge . But what dominates the frame is Giffords ' expression , one of wordless concentration and interest in what Tucker was saying . It was a look that I knew well . The loss of her ability to find the words in conversation easily is an awful blow . But the Giffords I know wo n't surrender the primary motivating force in her life , which is the urge to make a difference in the public sphere and to use her talents to make life better for those around her . That was what motivated her first run for Congress five years ago . She is leaving national elective office in the same way she came in : with class and dignity . It would be a mistake to think of this as a defeat because it is not the neat Hollywood ending we had hoped for . This is not Hollywood . And this is not an ending . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Zoellner .	Tom Zoellner : We have put a narrative of national recovery on Giffords ' ability to run again By stepping down , Giffords shows a respect for principles of democracy , he says Her moral authority and influence may be better used outside Congress , Zoellner says Zoellner : Her driving motivation is to make a positive difference in public life , and she will
CNN  -- Tiger Woods may have clung on to his world number one status but after a disappointing final round at the PGA Championship will have to rely on captain Corey Pavin to play in the Ryder Cup . Woods needed to finish in the top 15 at Whistling Straits to have any chance of forcing his way into the eight automatic selections for the United States team to face Europe at Celtic Manor in October . Handily placed after three rounds , Woods stumbled to a one-over 73 to end up in a tie for 28th . "  I hit my irons really good today . I drove it terrible , " was his verdict . His performance was certainly an improvement on a disastrous showing in the preceding WGC-Bridgestone Invitational and Woods briefly led at the start of his first round , but after that the inconsistencies crept in . "  I did n't miss a shot for the first four holes . And then after that I hit it awful , " he added . Woods could have done with replicating the final round 67 of arch-rival Phil Mickelson , which lifted him into a tie for 12th , but not enough to surpass his fellow American in the rankings . Woods is now hoping that U.S. captain Corey Pavin will make him one of his four captain 's picks . "  Corey texts me a lot so , I 'm sure he 'll be texting me or calling me and I 'm sure we 'll be talking . "  We still have what , two more weeks , right ? Two more weeks before the picks ? Three more weeks ? " Woods is still searching for his first win of a truncated season and has not claimed a major since the U.S. Open in 2008 . Consolation for runner-up Bubba Watson and Dustin Johnson , who was penalized two shots to miss out on the playoff , comes as they have moved into the automatic eight spots . Germany 's Martin Kaymer has sealed his place in the Europe team after his first major victory , while Paul Casey , who tied 12th , has also forced his way into the nine automatic selection spots . It leaves Luke Donald , Padraig Harrington and Justin Rose now requiring picks from captain Colin Montgomerie , but Sergio Garcia 's decision to take a break from golf has made his decision a little easier .	Tiger Woods finishes outside the top eight spots for the U.S. Ryder Cup team World number one blows his chance with disappointing final round at Whistling Straits He will now rely on a pick from United States captain Corey Pavin PGA Championship winner Martin Kaymer clinches his spot on European team
CNN  -- China 's Li Na set up an intriguing final against defending champion Victoria Azarenka at the Australian Open after a comprehensive victory Thursday over world No. 2 Maria Sharapova . The sixth seed -- a beaten finalist in 2011 -- was in imperious form as she romped to 6-2 6-2 win over the Russian in just over an hour and a half . The 30-year old broke Sharapova 's serve three times in the opening set and twice in the second to book her place in Saturday 's final in Melbourne . "  Every time I 'm back in Australia , I always feel something here , " Li , the first Asian female to win a grand slam singles title , told reporters after the match . "  I always play well here . Everyone can be nervous in a final , so I have to enjoy it . I 'm looking forward to the final . " Li credited a brutal training regime after she reached the final four in Melbourne for the third time in four years . She began working with Carlos Rodriguez , former trainer of seven-time grand slam winner Justine Henin , after deciding to end her professional relationship with husband Jiang Shan . "  We train every day for five , six hours , but not only playing tennis , " she told reporters earlier this week . "  Tennis was like maybe two , three hours . Fitness was for two or three hours as well . First time I was training with him , I was so excited , but after three days , I was dying . " Li said ending her tennis partnership with her husband had caused many people to think they had also ended their personal relationship . "  He was doing a very good job , " she said . "  But between husband and the coach , it is very tough . Sometimes , if he said ` we should do something ' I was feeling tired ... That 's why sometimes we have to fight . " Sharapova had lost just nine games coming into the match , a record for the tournament , but her game fell apart as she served six double-faults and made 32 unforced errors while failing to convert six of seven break points . "  She was certainly much more aggressive than I was , dictating the play . I was always on the defense , " said Sharapova , who lost to Azarenka in last year 's final . "  When I had my opportunities and break points in games that went to deuce , I do n't think any of them really went my way today . " In the other semifinal , world No. 1 Azarenka ended the run of American teenager Sloane Stephens -- who famously knocked out one of the tournament favorites , Serena Williams . But the Belorussian was forced to overcome an injury scare on her way to a 6-1 6-4 win over her 19-year-old opponent , who saved five match points and broke back to 5-4 in the second set before Azarenka took a lengthy break for medical treatment . Azarenka raised suspicions of gamesmanship when she suggested in her on-court post-match interview that nerves had got to her . "  I almost did the choke of the year right now , " she said . "  At 5-3 , having so many chances and I could n't close it out . I was a bit overwhelmed realizing I was one step away from the final . Nerves got into me , for sure . " The 23-year-old clarified her comments at her later press conference . "  I 'm telling you honestly that my back was bothering me , " Azarenka said . "  It took me too long of a time to call the trainer , which was my mistake . I took it to the point where I could n't breathe , which was causing from my back problem , and I could n't really figure out what was going on on the court . When the trainer told me that was the rib that was blocking that , my back , that 's what happened . "  When you can not breathe you start to panic . I was really panicking , not because I could n't convert my match point . That 's not the case . I mean , I 'm experienced enough to go over those emotions . "  But when you can not breathe , when something 's really blocking you , the stress , that was the stress I was talking about . I just could n't realize what was going on with me . " Stephens refused to criticize Azarenka , with whom she shares an agent . "  We actually are pretty good friends . I 'm sure I 'll see her and we 'll talk about it , " Stephens said . She will rise to a career-high 17th in the rankings after her best showing in a grand slam , while her popularity has also grown -- Stephens ' following on her Twitter page has rocketed from 17,000 to more than 55,000 .	China 's Li Na beats Russia 's Maria Sharapova in straight sets to reach final The former French Open champion also reached the Melbourne final in 2011 She will play world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , who defeats U.S. teen Sloane Stephens Azarenka defends herself after taking a lengthy break at crucial point in match
New York  CNN  -- Police in New York and Virginia are searching for a 22-year-old Virginia Commonwealth University student who went missing days after arriving in New York City to celebrate New Year 's Eve , according to authorities . Ian Hunter Burnet left Richmond , Virginia , on a bus bound for New York on December 26 , according to his father , Mark Burnet . He planned to stay with a fellow VCU student and her friend in an apartment on 139th Street near Riverside Drive in Harlem , his father said . "  He went up just to have a post-Christmas tourist visit to New York City and celebrate New Year 's Eve . He was intending to have a short time there and then return back to Virginia , " Burnet said . According to his father , his son and a friend had made plans to hang out together back in Virginia on January 2 , but Ian Burnet never made it back . The last communication he had with his son was December 28 . "  I received a routine type of text talking about touring in New York , " he said . Some other news outlets have reported that Burnet told friends he was not having a good time in New York , but his father told CNN that was something he had not heard . "  I wish I knew more , " he said , "  If I did , I might be able to understand what happened . " What investigators do know is that the friends with whom Burnet was staying say they last heard from him on December 30 . "  Ian was communicating via text with them and the last bit of information that we had was that he was just stepping out to go out for the evening . And we do n't have any information other than that , " said Burnet 's father . "  It 's very frustrating , " said New Kent County Sheriff Farrar W. Howard Jr. , whose Virginia office is leading the investigation in conjunction with Virginia State Police and the New York City Police Department . "  Nobody has seen him since the 30th . " The NYPD is directing all media inquiries to the New Kent County Sheriff 's Office . Mark Burnet said that Ian , who graduated as valedictorian from New Kent County High School and was on a full scholarship to study engineering , was looking forward to classes starting back at VCU on January 17 . He said Ian had lived on his own for years , was independent and would have no reason to simply run away . According to Mark Burnet , his son 's roommate from school told him that she and Burnet had planned their courses for next semester together and that he was excited to finish his degree . Authorities retrieved Burnet 's phone at the apartment where he was staying , but for Burnet to be without his phone is not uncommon , according to his father . "  He did n't really like talking on the phone . He would send texts and surf the Web , but he did n't like to carry a lot of valuables on his person , " Mark Burnet said . Authorities say Burnett did take his driver 's license and credit cards with him the last time he left the Harlem apartment . "  Who knows what 's going through a 22-year-old 's head ? " said Burnet 's father , "  but he would not want us to worry ; if he was out there , he would get in touch with us . " Friends , family and supporters held a candlelight vigil in Virginia on Tuesday night for the missing Eagle Scout . Ian 's ex-girlfriend , Meaghan King , attended . "  He has always had a good head on his shoulders , -LSB- he is -RSB- probably one of the sweetest people I have ever come in contact with , " she said . Burnet 's parents set up a Facebook page , which is drawing in tips for police , as well as volunteers . "  There 's a lot of people out there trying to look on the streets and see what 's happened , but the fact is we just do n't know , and we 're really trying to find someone who might know , " said his father . "  I 'm hoping that those people who know how to investigate these matters can do that ; that 's my hope . " Burnet 's parents plan to travel with friends to New York on Thursday to be with family in New Jersey , and help in the search for their son . Police describe Burnet as a white male , who is 5 feet , 10 inches tall and weighs 160 pounds . He has brown hair and green eyes and was last seen wearing a gray "  Wikipedia " sweatshirt .	Ian Hunter Burnet , 22 , left Virginia to celebrate New Year 's Eve in New York He stayed with friends in Harlem , who last heard from him December 30 His parents have set up a Facebook page asking for information Ian Burnet is 5 feet , 10 inches and weighs 160 pounds ; he has brown hair , green eyes
RollingStone.com  -- In the new issue of Rolling Stone , Contributing Editor Jonah Weiner smokes weed with Jimmy Kimmel and chats with the late-night host about his promotion to the coveted 11:30 p.m. time slot , his undying hatred of Jay Leno and why he sees Jimmy Fallon as a "  worthy competitor . " Here 's an excerpt from the latest cover story , "  Here 's Jimmy " : Photos : A history of comedy stars on the cover of Rolling Stone In 24 hours , Jimmy Kimmel will stand up in his office at the El Capitan theatre in Hollywood , looking less like a talk-show host and more , to use his words , like "  a hobo . " He 'll be wearing baggy mesh Dodgers shorts , a rumpled old Coca-Cola T-shirt and no shoes ; his hair will stick out in three directions . As he leaves his desk , where he 's been refining jokes since the morning , his transformation into late-night star will begin . After a quick haircut , he 'll carry his MacBook to the makeup room , where he 'll put the finishing touches on his monologue while a woman named Stephanie puts the finishing touches on his face : powdering his skin , shaping his eyebrows , blackening his hair where it 's a bit too gray or a bit too thin for HD . The 25 funniest people on Twitter In his private bathroom , he 'll change into a crisp white shirt , a colorful Prada tie and slim blue Gucci pants . His wardrobe guy will bring the matching jacket , steamed and lint-rolled and bearing a sticker on its lining that says ABC ASSET above a bar code marking it as network property . "  I 've got the same bar code tattooed on me , " Kimmel will joke . "  It used to say ABC LIABILITY , but they changed it when the ratings got good . " As he makes his way downstairs -- where a 200-strong crowd is waiting for that night 's episode of Jimmy Kimmel Live ! to start -- a group of writers , producers and crew will fist-bump Kimmel and chant , as they do before every episode , "  Best show ever ! Best show ever ! " His band will launch into an ecstatic fanfare and Kimmel will stroll out , hit his electrical-taped mark , and fix his eyes on the teleprompter as the audience roars its welcome : showtime . Rolling Stone cover story : Jimm Fallon 's big adventure But that 's not for 24 hours . Right now it 's Sunday night , Kimmel is at his beach house , and he wants to get high . "  If we smoke weed right now , " he asks , "  is that on the record ? " Kimmel is sitting at a weathered wooden table in his dining room . Blinky and unshaven , hair tousled , he looks like he just woke up from a phenomenal nap . Kimmel 's fiancee , Live ! co-head writer Molly McNearney , is in the kitchen , drinking fruit punch and tapping on her phone . "  I do n't know if I want this in the story , " Kimmel , 45 , says , padding off to retrieve his stash . "  My kids are gon na read this ... " He returns with a vacuum-sealed baggie bulging with buds the size of baby Brussels sprouts . See original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Jimmy Kimmel talks his undying hatred of Jay Leno Kimmel says he sees Fallon as a "  worthy competitor " He asks the interviewer if it 's ok for them to smoke weed
CNN  -- A birdie on the first play-off hole saw Branden Grace beat South African legends Ernie Els and Retief Goosen to the Volvo Golf Champions title at the Fancourt course in George . Grace , a native South African himself , secured his second successive title on home soil after emerging triumphant on the first extra hole after a three-way tie for first . The 23-year-old only came through the European Tour Qualifying School a month ago and became the first player since Fred Couples in 1995 to follow his maiden Tour win - at the Johannesburg Open last week -- with another . After finishing on 12-under-par Grace held his nerve in the play-off to edge out Els and Goosen , who have five major championships between them . "  I 'm really ecstatic , " Grace told the Tour 's official website . "  It 's a dream come true to win such a big event -- pretty much the best tournament I 've played in so far . " Grace recovered after dropping three shots in the opening four holes and was five-under for the rest of his round . He had a chance to seal the title on the 18th but missed a short birdie putt . Els recorded a round of 67 that included an eagle on the 13th while Goosen birdied three of the final four holes to shoot 70 and force his way into the playoff . "  A couple more putts here and there and that could have been something special , " Els said . "  It 's a very encouraging week , all four rounds under par , and I 'm working on some good stuff . " Belgian Nicolas Colsaerts was tied for the lead going down the last but he made a bogey to drop into fourth place while Masters champion Charl Schwartzel , from South Africa , finished fifth on 10-under . Europe 's 2012 Ryder Cup captain Jose Maria Olazabal -- who came into the tournament as the lowest ranked player at 596th -- finished sixth on eight-under .	Branden Grace wins Volvo Golf Champions event in South Africa after a play-off Grace holds off South African legends Ernie Els and Retief Goosen to claim title South African Grace also won last week 's Johannesburg Open on European Tour Grace made birdie on the first extra hole to take the trophy
CNN  -- As I type this week 's column , I look out of my office window and stare at a depressing sight . A heavy blanket of smog and dust hangs over the sky . Buildings nearby are barely visible . Air is barely breathable . I checked the website of the China National Environmental Monitoring Center . It rated Beijing 's air quality for the day as "  slightly polluted " . On Twitter , however , the U.S. Embassy 's BeijingAir , an air-quality monitoring app , rated the air pollution level as "  hazardous . " What gives ? I visited the Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center  BMEMC  to find out . "  We 've been using equipment imported from the U.S. to monitor air quality ever since we set up in 1987 , " Vice Director Hua Lei tells me . "  We use the same techniques as the American system . " But there is one difference : the Chinese monitoring stations measure particulates 10 micrometers or smaller , a standard known as PM10 . BeijingAir , which reports the reading of an air monitory device installed on the roof of the U.S. embassy building , uses the PM2 .5 , which measures tiny airborne particulates that cause smog and are deemed more harmful . It ranks air quality from 1  cleanest  to 500  dirtiest  . "  It measures the very fine particulates which are health concerns , things less than 2.5 micrometers , " U.S. ambassador Gary Locke tells CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout . "  Acceptable range in the U.S. is 35 . Here we are near 400 , more than 10 times the acceptable level . " That was a few days earlier , when Kristie interviewed the American envoy . Thursday 's reading on BeijingAir : 321 . I have lived in Beijing for nearly 40 years and have seen the air 's quality go from bad to worse . I never imagined it to be this bad . Experts blame the thick haze on rapid urbanization and industrialization . "  What come with them are cars , industries and pollution sources from all kinds of directions , " says Wu Changhua , China director of The Climate Group , a London-based international organization . Beijing , for instance , burned some 27 million tons of coal in 2010 , according to state-run media . Despite efforts to limit the number cars with an auto-plate lottery , it 's estimated that Beijing now has over 5 million cars , up from about 3.5 million in 2008 . Pollution is more acute because of the sheer size of the city 's population  17 million  and the rapid speed of its economic growth , experts say . Some say the costs are mounting . "  They are paying a price first of all individually by premature deaths , " says Achim Steiner , executive director of the UN Environment Program  UNEP  , who is in Beijing to launch the agency 's "  green economy " report . "  China as a society also pays a heavy price in terms of healthcare and lost productivity . " The picture is not all dark . China acknowledges the problems and has pledged to solve them . "  If you look at China 's five-year plan  for 2011-2015  , there are green-development plans that set high ambitions in energy efficiency , renewable energy as well as pollution reductions and control , " notes Wu . UNEP 's Steiner compliments China as the world 's biggest investor in renewable energy for spending $ 49 billion last year . On the grassroots level , rumblings of a green movement are starting to be heard . Huanbao  environmental protection  is now a catch-phrase among residents and local journalists . Public complaints over Beijing 's worsening air quality are common . In recent days , some Chinese microbloggers posted pictures of the national Olympics stadium , also known as the "  Birds Nest " , taken on blue-sky days during the 2008 Olympics , juxtaposed with pictures of the stadium covered with smog . In response , the Beijing Municipal Environmental Monitoring Center has opened its facilities to the public once a week . "  We receive scores of residents and local journalists , " Hua says as she shows me inside a hall equipped with computers and a huge TV screen . "  We show them how we do our monitoring , show how equipments work , and explain our standards and systems . It 's good that people are now interested in what we do . " Hua says China may adopt more stringent PM2 .5 standards , but gradually . "  It takes time to improve the standards we are using and to gradually adopt international standards , " she says . "  We 'll gradually raise our standards and it is possible that we 'll adopt higher standards as the air quality in China gets better . " A number of Chinese netizens are pushing Beijing to change standards immediately . Pan Shiyi , a Chinese real estate tycoon , recently asked his 7.5 million fans on Sina Weibo , a microblogging social network similar to Twitter , to vote on whether Beijing should adopt more stringent standards . Of the 40,000 who voted , 92 % agreed that "  the authorities adopt PM2 .5 this year . " "  I think that 's definitely the direction to go , " says Wu of The Climate Group . "  China so far has been monitoring PM10 and from the epidemiological perspective , we all know when the particles are bigger they do n't go too deep into your lungs and respiratory system . But actually , the more hazardous polluter will be PM2 .5 . " Wu hopes the Chinese government will soon adopt the higher standards , although she is not sure how quickly it can be done . "  It 's being debated at this moment , " she says There are encouraging signals this week . Chinese media reports say that at least two cities in south China have decided to adopt PM 2.5 on trial basis . Will Beijing follow suit ? Wu hopes for quicker actions . "  I have an 11-year-old child , " she says . "  I really wish for better air quality , for the nation 's authorities to do something not just for us but for future generations . That remains a concern for parents like me and many others . "	China rated Beijing air ` slightly polluted ' that U.S. standards rated ` hazardous ' this week Beijing officials use equipment from the U.S. to monitor air quality , but standard is lower Public complaints over Beijing 's worsening air quality on microblogs are common Government has put environmental protection as a priority in its latest 5-year plan
CNN  -- Drew Peterson has met with a prominent divorce attorney more than a year after his wife , Stacy , disappeared , his lawyer confirmed to CNN on Tuesday . Drew Peterson 's behavior after his wife disappeared deepened suspicion , but he says she ran off . Peterson , a former Bolingbrook , Illinois , police sergeant , has not filed divorce papers , said his attorney , Joel Brodsky . But Peterson told an author he would look into a divorce after Stacy had been missing for a year . He said he was considering divorce for the sake of their children . "  I can confirm that Drew Peterson did have a consultation with Jeffrey Leving , " Brodsky said , adding that no divorce papers have been filed . Leving , who bills himself as a father 's rights lawyer , represented Cuban immigrant Elian Gonzalez 's uncle and ultimately helped reunite the boy with his father . Police have said that 54-year old Peterson is a suspect in his wife 's disappearance , which investigators have labeled a "  potential homicide . " Peterson maintains that his wife , who was 23 at the time of her disappearance , left him for someone else . In an interview in May with Derek Armstrong , author of "  Drew Peterson Exposed , " Peterson hinted that he planned to divorce her after she had been missing for a year . In Illinois , willful desertion or abandonment is grounds for a divorce after a year . The interview begins with Peterson expressing frustration with the media attention and negative reactions from his neighbors . "  We were talking about the neighbors and how it 's hard to live in the neighborhood with the media trucks around and the neighbors being so difficult , " Armstrong told CNN . "  I asked if he was going to move , and he said , ` Yeah , when I get a chance , but Stacy 's on the title . ' " After the one-year anniversary of Stacy Peterson 's disappearance passed , Armstrong said he began to make some phone calls to see whether Drew Peterson was acting on his earlier plans . Armstrong said he called two other prominent divorce lawyers until he reached Leving 's office , which confirmed the meeting . In a phone conversation , Peterson confirmed to Armstrong that he was "  getting information " and "  exploring options . " Armstrong pressed Peterson , who responded , "  A desertion . She deserted me . " Peterson elaborated , "  I 've always said that I 'm mad about that . But I 'm looking into this for the kids . This neighborhood is not healthy for my kids because of Sharon Bychowski . " Bychowski has been battling Peterson since his wife -- her friend and neighbor -- disappeared in October 2007 . Peterson has accused Bychowski and other neighbors of harassing and threatening him . Armstrong asked Peterson whether he thought news of the divorce might encourage Stacy to contact him . "  I have nothing more to say , " the former cop shot back . Brodsky told CNN he had not been aware that news of the meeting with the divorce lawyer had become public knowledge . "  We definitely did n't advertise it , " he said . "  That 's real thorough detective work . -LSB- Armstrong -RSB- could show police a thing or two about finding someone . " Drew Peterson said he awoke at his suburban Chicago home to find his wife gone October 28 , 2007 . He said she called him at 9 p.m. and announced that she was leaving him , Peterson said . Police confirm that there was some activity on Stacy Peterson 's cell phone about 9 p.m. October 28 , but her family and close friends say she would never leave her two children behind or go away without mentioning it to her family . In the days leading up to her disappearance , Stacy Peterson confided in friends and her sister . She said she was afraid of her husband and wanted to leave him , according to her sister , Cassandra Cales . "  If anything happens to me , he killed me . It was n't an accident , " Cales quoted her as saying . At 10 a.m. that Sunday , Stacy Peterson failed to show up for an appointment with a friend . Worried , Cales called police Monday , October 29 , and reported her sister missing . The media frenzy and police scrutiny soon revealed that Drew Peterson 's third wife had died mysteriously a few years earlier during a nasty divorce . Kathleen Savio died just before the division of the marital assets was finalized , making Drew Peterson the sole beneficiary . Savio was found in the dry bathtub of her home . At the time , the death was ruled an accidental drowning . But her family continued to insist that Savio died as a result of foul play . The investigation into Stacy Peterson 's disappearance brought renewed interest in Savio 's death . Authorities exhumed Savio 's body , further tests were conducted , and her death has now been ruled a "  homicide staged to look like an accident . " Some witness statements portray Drew Peterson as jealous , possessive and controlling . He was said to keep such close track of his wife that he frequently called her cell phone and appeared unannounced at social outings to take her home . This caused tension in the marriage , the witnesses told police . Police named Drew Peterson as the prime suspect in his wife 's disappearance in November 2007 . He has not been charged in the case , but he has been charged with illegal gun possession , which could put him behind bars for up to five years if he is convicted .	Peterson says he 's looking into options since wife deserted him a year ago Peterson : Neighbors are making it unsafe for family to live in home Stacy Peterson left him October 28 , 2007 , husband says Police have said Drew Peterson , an ex-cop , is prime suspect
CNN  -- Arriving in central Bangkok from the sparkling international airport , a visitor might not know at first glance that much of the city is under water . Shops and restaurants are open as usual , while the futuristic sky train continues to ferry commuters to work in the numerous office complexes that make up the central business district . But just a few miles northwards along the Vibhavadi Rangsit highway , the road gradually disappears into a sea of filthy brown water -- floodwater from the north of Thailand that shows little sign of disappearing quickly . This is due in large part to a system of floodgates set up to protect the commercial center of the city and other key industrial areas by diverting the run-off to these parts . For almost a month , residents in outlying areas such as Rangsit and Lumlukka have been living in water that is often chest-high . Many defied government evacuation orders to protect their property , even if it meant being stranded with limited food and no clean running water . Read predictions that flooding would remain for weeks Romeo Romei , a local businessman , lost his house and is battling to save his factory , but he still manages to take a boat out each day with his friend Alex Stamp and cousin Duccio Lucchesi to distribute water , food and clothes to those in need . From his factory office in Rangsit , supplies donated by friends and family are sorted into rescue packs for men , women and children , while the factory workers man an array of water pumps -- some of them cannibalized swimming pool pumps -- around the clock , praying that the defensive wall they erected around the warehouse does n't collapse . They are literally under siege from the water . Yet Romeo is concerned about the 10 families around the corner who have been forced to set up camp on the upper floors of a dilapidated industrial building nearby . Watch Romeo visiting families in a Rangsit warehouse Riding in the fully-laden dinghy across what was once the factory 's car park , he explains what spurred him into action . "  For the first few days after the floods we went about our business dealing with the factory . But soon we could n't bear to see people suffering . " He says the government is not helping these people , while aid agencies are nowhere to be seen around these flood-hit streets . "  I saw one boat with around 10 packs of food , but there are thousands of people here , " he said . On Tuesday , Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra laid out a three-point recovery plan , including immediate aid to those whose homes and businesses have been destroyed . Meanwhile , relief workers have been distributing aid to evacuation centers but face difficulties reaching residents who have decided to wait out the crisis in their homes . As we unload the supplies of eggs , fruit , rice and medicine at our destination , the conditions the families are living in is humbling . On the ground floor , children play in the same stagnant water that dogs defecate in , while the adults gather in their damp makeshift sleeping areas with what little they could salvage from their homes . However , the atmosphere is not depressing , especially since a year-old baby has taken his first steps in this unlikely setting . Romeo points out that Thais never complain and always have a smile on their faces . He contends this is because there is no expectation that anyone will be there to help them . Watch Romeo and friends boat down a road in Rangsit As the boat pushes off to find more people to help , we 're immediately surrounded by people . Some are asking if we have water , while others are looking for diapers . No one seems greedy or aggressive . They paddle around in anything that will float , from polystyrene blocks to an old refrigerator , while small children swim about in "  life jackets " made from empty plastic bottles strung together and stuffed into pieces of clothing . This , Alex says , is evidence of the Thai ability to improvise and adapt in adversity . Impact Your World : See how you can help An internet security consultant , Alex frequently has to field calls from clients on the boat . He says he even dropped his iPhone into the water during one call and could not find it for five minutes . He eventually fished it out , and it continues to work . After passing a partially submerged McDonalds drive-thru and a golf course which now resembles a Florida-style swamp , we spend time feeding countless abandoned dogs and cats -- a reminder of how quickly some people were forced to leave their homes . Romeo points out that one dog had been tied to the same railing for over a week . The obvious buildup of garbage , both in and around the water , has raised fears about the spread of disease . According to the country 's Ministry of Public Heath , some 20,700 kits have been distributed that test for leptospirosis , a severe bacterial infection that can affect areas where water has been stagnant for more than three weeks . Romeo says he made sure his workers have had tetanus shots . While most businesses around Rangsit and Lumlukka -- including the domestic Don Muang airport -- have been forced to close , the local hospital has remained open for emergency cases only -- provided patients can negotiate the improvised jetty and barking dogs at what was the emergency room entrance . The ER has been completely destroyed , but a functioning triage unit has been set up on the first floor among piles of dental chairs rescued from another flooded wing . The staff -- doctors , nurses and administrators -- have all been living in the hospital since the crisis began . "  We are coping , " says the friendly receptionist without a hint of dissent . Back on the highway-turned-river , the boat makes several stops to help people struggling to paddle or wade their way through chest-high water -- including a woman pushing a five-month baby in a kitchen basin , as she searched for diapers -- before we reach the house of Romeo 's father on an affluent street . The street signs are almost all under water here , indicating a depth of at least two meters . We take our own measurement : 2.20 meters . When we reach the house , dark green tide marks on the outer walls illustrate how the water had recently neared 2.5 meters . The ground floor is a disaster , as pieces of furniture float freely around what was the lounge . "  I 'm still smiling , " Romeo 's father says through gritted teeth . His son can barely recognize the house he grew up in . The smell of stagnant water is also overpowering , while mold is starting to appear on the upper floors , thanks to the "  cooking " of the water below in mid-afternoon heat . There 's no electricity to power a fan or air-conditioning unit . Two blocks away , Romeo 's own house has not fared any better . A car roof can just be seen in the drive . Romeo 's father , who moved from Italy to Thailand more than 30 years ago , thinks it will be months before the water will be gone . "  But where will the water go ? " he asks . "  I ca n't see central Bangkok avoiding this . " By now it 's almost pitch-black , with almost no street lamps working . The water is so congested with other boats -- some carrying cars -- that it takes us an hour to reach dry land . The changing depth is also a major hazard , as the propeller on the boat occasionally smashes against concrete . Another hour-long journey in a car this time , and I 'm back in central Bangkok . Commuters are heading home , and bars and restaurants are open . It 's a different city .	Floodwaters from north Thailand show little sign of disappearing quickly Residents in outlying areas have been living in water for almost a month A factory owner is trying to keep floods out of his warehouse He feels compelled to help stranded people nearby
Paris , France  CNN  -- In 2009 , bottled water company Evian decided to focus its advertising strategy on an association with youth . It took almost a year for Mercedes Erra to convince the company that a commercial featuring babies roller skating to hip hop classic "  Rapper 's Delight " was the best way to get that message across . But happily for advertising guru Erra , "  Roller Babies " became the world 's most-viewed brand video . It was viewed online more than 75 million times and shared almost 2.2 million times -- a Guinness world record . Erra founded ad agency BETC Euro RSCG in 1995 with three others . Today , she is also managing director of communications group Havas and executive president of its marketing arm Euro RSCG Worldwide . BETC is now one of the largest and most awarded agencies in France , with a client roster that includes more than 80 of the world 's top 100 largest advertisers , including Coca Cola , IBM , Volvo , Disney , LVMH and McDonalds . See more : Building an empire from chocolate Erra is a progressive and , at times , challenging force in French life : A mother to five sons campaigning for greater participation by women , she is on the board of the Elle Foundation , the Committee on the Image of Women in the Media , and Force Femmes , and is president of the Women 's Forum for the Economy and Society . A Spanish-born Officier of the Legion d'Honneur  motto : "  Honour and Fatherland "  , Erra is pushing for diversity in a society not always famed for its racial tolerance . She is on the board of the French Immigration Museum , and is a member of Human Rights Watch and UNICEF . Erra began her career in advertising in 1981 , as an intern at Saatchi & Saatchi . She believes she distinguished herself there by seeking out more and more responsibility , ultimately becoming managing director . "  I think when people want responsibility , they can have it immediately because  most  people do n't want responsibility , " she said . Although she disavows any particular skill other than taking responsibility , colleagues say Erra has a rare combination of rigorous business analytics , and a strong intuition about how consumers will react . Here she talks to CNN 's Leading Women about immigration , the glass ceiling and what 's most important in life and in work . On being a migrant ... I was born in Barcelona . I arrived in France when I was six years old . I lost my country and quality of life . We had a little money in Spain , but nothing in France . Those two changes were difficult but at the same time very positive . When you are six , you learn a lot if you change your country . You learn relativity ; you learn the world is complicated . You become more mature . I experienced that life is not easy -- I think today sometimes life is too easy -- and I never forget this . On "  women 's work " ... When I was young , my mother was at home and my father worked and it was not easy . By the end of the day , she would dream of working outside the home , and my father would arrive and say , ' I am so tired . ' I remember her saying , ` Nobody wants to do housework , nobody says thanks , nobody gives me money , ' and she 's right . In my mind , my mother was doing a job , and I said to myself , ' I do n't want that job . ' When I began working , it was a pleasure . And sometimes when I have meetings with very important men , and they say ' I am tired , ' I say , ` We get money ; it 's very interesting . Stop . Please , stop . ' On the glass ceiling ... More than a glass ceiling , the obstacle for women is their own minds . I get the feeling that if a woman is very clear , it 's very difficult to prohibit something . It was impossible to stop me . Many things have to change . But first , it 's very simple : Girls need to think about having a good job and doing the same kind of studies as boys . In France , we have the Baccalaureate  high school diploma  . In mathematics , the best results ? The girls . And when they choose  further  studies ? No girls in mathematics . Why ? Because they think they are not the best . I think we have to be clear , the objective is not to be the best , it 's to do what they want -- but they can want everything . On work-life balance ... I do n't want all women to do what I do . I have a lot of energy -- not a normal amount , I know . I sleep very few hours and not all women can get by on three hours a night . I am not balanced -- I have more energy than balance . Some people have their work and their home life and do n't want interaction between them . I do n't have two lives . I have no problem having people come to my house to work , because I like these people . It 's difficult for me to have different relations with people who I work closely with . These are very important people to me . On working with big-name clients ... With people who are important , I am more difficult to work with , because I am not impressed  by their reputation  . I am impressed when people are very clever or very nice or have a very strong heart or a strong intuition . On doing what you love ... Do things well , and do what you like to do . It 's bad to do something because you think other people will consider you clever . I have strong views on this because when I speak with my gardener , she is so clever , but it 's a different kind of clever . It 's not the same as my way of being clever , but it 's still clever . Do what you think is right for you , and remember : Do n't lose half your life to things that are not interesting to you . I am disturbed by what people will accept . Some people have less opportunity , but if you can choose what you do , you are a winner .	Mercedes Erra is managing director of Havas , the fifth largest communications group in the world As founder of its flagship ad agency BETC , she is renowned as a brand strategist Erra 's campaign for Evian included the world 's most-viewed online brand video
Albany , New York  CNN  -- An upstate school system apologized Friday after students got a writing assignment in which they were instructed to prove their loyalty to Nazi Germany by arguing Jews are "  evil " and the source of that government 's problems . Students in three Albany High School English classes received the assignment , which was due Wednesday . The assignment from the unidentified teacher was designed to flex students ' "  persuasive writing " skills . But Marguerite Vanden Wyngaard , superintendent of the City School District of Albany , called the assignment "  completely unacceptable . " "  It displayed a level of insensitivity that we absolutely will not tolerate in our school community , " Wyngaard said , "  I am deeply apologetic to all of our students , all of our families and the entire community . " My Take : Nothing wrong with Nazi assignment She told the Albany Times Union newspaper that one-third of the students refused to complete the work . The teacher has not been in school since the district learned of the assignment . The school district is considering disciplinary action , according to Ron Lesko , director of communications . Options include termination , but no decision has been made , Lesko said . In the assignment , students were to pretend the educator was a member of the Nazi government . "  You must argue that Jews are evil , and use solid rationale from government propaganda to convince me of your loyalty to the Third Reich ! " the teacher 's assignment sheet said . The assignment reiterated , "  You do not have a choice in your position . " Wyngaard , according to the Times Union , said she did not believe the teacher acted with malice or "  intent to cause any insensitivities to our families of Jewish faith . " The assignment should have been worded differently , she said . Wyngaard said the district has been in conversations with the Anti-Defamation League about future training programs for students and staff . Earlier this year in New York City , a math homework assignment asked fourth grade students to tally the number of slaves on a ship , sparking outrage among parents and administrators . From the archives : Thai school 's Nazi-themed parade sparks outrage	English students get assignment from Albany , New York , teacher They were asked to blame Jews for Nazi Germany 's problems It was part of persuasive writing project District superintendent apologizes for "  unacceptable " task
CNN  -- A young emperor penguin discovered thousands of kilometers away from its home might survive ingesting a bellyful of sand , New Zealand zoo officials said . The penguin -- whose gender is unknown pending DNA test results due this week -- stunned passers-by when it showed up at a beach north of Wellington last week . "  This is only the second time an emperor penguin has been seen in New Zealand , " said Kate Baker , spokeswoman for the Wellington Zoo , where the bird was taken for treatment . Even more surprising was what the zoo found inside the penguin -- enough sand to fill its stomach to its esophagus . "  In Antarctica , they normally eat ice to cool down and to hydrate , " Baker said . It 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice . It 's unclear why the bird apparently swam more than 3,000 kilometers  1,864 miles  from Antarctica . New Zealanders have dubbed the penguin "  Happy Feet , " a reference to the 2006 animated movie about emperor penguins . But those at the Wellington Zoo are steering clear of giving the bird a name . "  We get very fond of our patients . If you start naming them , it 's really hard if the worst were to happen , " said Dr. Lisa Argilla , manager of veterinary science at Wellington Zoo . "  We 'll try to avoid  naming  until we 're really happy he 's going to make it . " The bird has undergone two stomach flushes , but getting all the sand out remains a challenge , Argilla said . "  Having sand in your stomach is very serious , " she said . "  It can cause a rupture , that 's my main concern . ... I would assume the sand has abraded the stomach lining . " The emperor had a "  rest day " from procedures Sunday and will undergo an endoscopy on Monday , Baker said . The zoo currently has four little blue penguins , which are native in New Zealand , Baker said . All have been rehabilitated ; one is missing an eye , and one is missing a flipper . But taking care of an emperor penguin is an entirely different story . The bird 's temporary quarters include air conditioning set as cold as possible and shaved ice to keep the emperor cool . Argilla said the top priority is helping the bird recover . If all goes well , the Department of Conservation will decide where the penguin should go . In the meantime , the bird has garnered widespread attention and sympathy . "  I think people have a real soft spot for penguins , " Argilla said . "  Everyone feels really sorry for him . He 's just so lost . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	New Zealanders spot an emperor penguin 3,000 kilometers from its habitat It 's possible the bird mistook or tried to substitute the sand for snow or ice The bird has undergone two stomach flushes The penguin is dubbed "  Happy Feet " by locals , but a zoo steers clear of naming it
CNN  -- A former Pennsylvania juvenile judge was sentenced to 28 years in prison Thursday after being convicted for a scheme to make millions off unjustly incarcerating young people , court officials said . Former Luzerne County Judge Mark Ciavarella was also ordered by a federal judge in Pennsylvania to pay about $ 1 million in restitution . The sentence was four times the 87 months sentence that Ciavarella and federal prosecutors had agreed to when he pleaded guilty to charges in 2009 . But that plea deal was thrown out by a federal judge and the case went to trial . Ciavarella was found guilty in February of 12 of 39 racketeering and fraud charges for accepting millions of dollars in bribes from friends who owned detention centers to which he sent juveniles . The case made national headlines when Ciavarella was confronted by a distraught mother outside a courtroom after his conviction . Sandy Fonzo 's 17-year-old son , Edward Kenzakowski , spent six months in a detention center after Ciavarella sentenced him for possession of drug paraphernalia . According to Fonzo , her son , who had no prior record , was never able to recover and eventually took his own life . "  He  Ciavarella  killed his spirit , " Fonzo said at the time , "  He crushed him , and he did n't help him . " Fonzo said her son was full of resentment and pent-up anger after being sent to the detention center . "  He was just never the same , " Fonzo said . She said in February she came to the courthouse believing Ciavarella would be taken straight to jail . But when she found out he was going home and would not be sentenced until later , she was shocked and angered , and began shouting at Ciavarella . Fonzo 's confrontation was captured by television cameras . "  Do you remember me ? " Fonzo screamed lunging toward Ciavarella , "  Do you remember my son ? " she screamed again . "  He 's gone , " she cried , "  He shot himself in the heart , you scumbag ! "	Mark Ciavarella was ordered to pay about $ 1 million in restitution In February , Ciavarella was confronted by a distraught mother outside a courtroom Sandy Fonzo said her son killed himself after receiving an unjust sentence from Ciavarella "  Do you remember my son ? He 's gone . He shot himself in the heart , you scumbag ! "
CNN  In Abidjan , hair can be a contentious topic . Many Ivorians are persuaded to eschew their natural hair in favor of chemical straighteners , wigs and extensions . Afros and dreadlocks are rarely depicted on local television , and those that wear their hair naturally can be shunned from their offices . "  I have one friend who has natural hair , and she has to wear a wig to work . They will not even let her inside the building with natural hair , " says Azi Oyourou , founder of Re-Zen Up , one of the few salons in the capital that specializes in natural hair styles . The tide is slowly starting to turn , however , thanks in part to the efforts of a community movement , Nappys de Babi . The group currently hosts bi-monthly meet-ups where participants exchange stories and tips on how best to care for natural hair . "  My hair was breaking and one day I just decided to clip it . It was something I just did for myself with no motivation to start a movement , " says Mariam Diaby , the group 's founder . "  When I started the group , I just started with three or five friends who were wearing their hair natural . We added another friend , and another , and in three months we were about 200 . Today we are a group of 8,500 . " Since then , the movement has become mainly one of encouragement  Daiby has reappropriated the word "  nappy " to be a mash-up of "  natural " and "  happy " , while Babi is shorthand for Abidjan  . Earlier this year , members around the world sent in clips of themselves dancing to Pharrell Williams ' "  Happy . " Still , those embracing their natural locks continue to face resistance from the community at large . Bibi Gnagno writes a blog on the subject and has launched a natural hair consultancy and product line in Abidjan . American-born , the Ivory Coast transplant was fascinated with local perceptions of natural hair so much that she 's in the process of filming a documentary , titled "  Is that  all  your hair ? " Gnagno has interviewed dozens of women about their attitudes regarding their hair . "  I ask women , ` Now that you 've gone natural , what comments do you get ? ' For some of them , it 's : ` What 's wrong with you ? Do you not have enough money to go to a salon ? Did your husband leave you ? Go get a perm , ' " she says . "  It 's starting to change slowly but surely , but it 's not as rampant as it is in the States . But it 's on its way , " she adds . There is also still a lot of misinformation about what 's involved in caring for natural hair . Many locals concede that the knowledge has been lost , no longer passed down from mother-to-daughter . "  It 's strange , because in Africa , people are supposed to know their own hair , but we do n't most of the time , " notes Oyourou , who says that girls start using relaxer as early as three-years old . Gnagno says reasons for this could be myriad . The media could play a role , as could the colonial legacy  the Ivory Coast was a French colony from 1843 to 1960  . "  Under colonization a lot of things happen . You want to get closer to the colonizer because that 's the person that holds the power , so you let go of a lot of things that resemble your culture , " she surmises . As to why the time is suddenly ripe for a natural hair movement , Oyourou ties it to a larger trend of national pride . "  In the past few years , more people want to know about their traditions and what they have , " she says . "  You see this with people who have been studying in France or the UK . When they come back , some people ask them , ` Why did you come back ? You should have stayed there . ' But the people that came back love their country . They want to develop their own country and learn more about it , and this is the same mind set that 's made it possible for people to change their hair . " Mainly , though , the movement is about empowerment , says Gnagno , and about making women  and some men  feel better about themselves . "  I think hair and self esteem are linked . I know my own self-worth as a black woman has been linked to my hair and I developed more self-confidence when I started wearing it natural , " she says .	Natural hair movement Nappys de Babi is growing in Ivory Coast Though trendy on the street , offices still discourage natural hair Some start relaxing their hair as young as 3
CNN  -- Republicans raised the question in their convention of whether the country is better off than it was when President Barack Obama was elected , and it does n't seem that Democrats have a convincing argument going into their convention this week . Both Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and his running mate Paul Ryan had a variation on the theme in their acceptance speeches last week in Tampa , Florida . Romney : "  This president can not tell us that you 're better off today than when he took office . " Ryan : "  Without a change in leadership , why would the next four years be any different from the last four years ? " One prominent Democrat said the answer to the question was "  no . " "  But that 's not the question of this election , " Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said on CBS on Sunday . "  The question , without a doubt , we are not as well off as we were before George Bush brought us the Bush job losses , the Bush recession , the Bush deficits , the series of desert wars -- charged for the first time to credit cards , the national credit cards . " Republicans pounced on O'Malley 's admission , with Ryan issuing a statement saying it was proof that Obama 's policies are n't working . Two of Obama 's senior advisers would n't give a yes or no answer when asked on Sunday . While Obama senior campaign adviser David Axelrod told Fox News , "  We 're in a better position than we were four years ago , " he did n't directly answer the question if voters thought they were better off . "  I think the average American recognizes that it took years to create the crisis that erupted in 2008 and peaked in January of 2009 , " Axelrod said . "  And it 's going to take some time to work through it . " White House senior adviser David Plouffe had a similar answer on ABC , saying , "  I think everyone understands we were this close to a Great Depression . Because of the leadership of this president , we staved that off . We 're beginning to recover . " Obama was riding toward the convention in Charlotte , North Carolina , on a speaking tour of Virginia , Iowa and Colorado college campuses hoping to energize young voters , a segment of the electorate critical to his hopes . Younger voters went overwhelmingly for Obama in 2008 and he still holds a lead in the age group in polls , but less decisively than four years ago . Even if they do n't vote Romney , the Obama campaign 's concern is that that segment and the others that helped elect him do n't turn out at the rates they did four years ago . Senior campaign adviser Robert Gibbs told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union " that no one in Obama 's campaign "  is sitting up here saying this is 2008 . " But Gibbs did n't think there was a case of buyer 's remorse going into Election Day . "  I do n't think that there is voter disappointment , " Gibbs said . "  The voters understand that we have been through a traumatic economic experience in the country , unlike anything that we have ever seen . " And Gibbs said the GOP was n't offering an alternative , only rehashed ideas . "  In Tampa , we saw nothing but insults and old slogans and tired old ideas , " Gibbs said . "  In Charlotte , the president is going to focus on a plan to provide the middle class in this country necessary and needed security by investing in research and innovation . " Obama 's campaign has used that theme consistently since Republicans wrapped up their convention last week . The president told an audience in Iowa on Saturday that the GOP message was something that might as well have been viewed on a black and white television . "  It was a rerun . We 'd seen it before , " Obama said . Obama also challenged Romney over his qualifications to be the country 's commander in chief , pointing out at that same rally in Iowa that Romney had failed to mention Afghanistan in his acceptance speech . "  Gov. Romney had nothing to say about Afghanistan last week , " Obama said at a campaign rally in Iowa on Saturday . "  Did n't mention it . Did n't offer a plan in terms of how he might end the war or , if he 's not going to end it , he 's got to let people know . " Romney campaign senior adviser Eric Fehrnstrom said his candidate had addressed the war in an address to the American Legion the day before his acceptance speech . "  President Obama has allowed our leadership to diminish , " Romney said in that speech . "  In dealings with other nations , he has given trust where it is not earned , insult where it is not deserved , and apology where it is not due . " The acceptance speech had a different purpose , Fehrnstrom said , to "  introduce himself to millions of voters who were seeing him for the first time . " "  We thought that speech was a home run , " he added .	Obama advisers wo n't answer yes or no on whether voters are better off than in 2008 Head of Democratic governors ' group says voters are n't better off -- but that 's not the question Republicans raised the question during their convention last week Obama is on a tour of college campuses ahead of his party convention this week
CNN  -- The five Taliban figures who got out of Guantanamo in exchange for U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release would be taking an "  enormous risk " if they return to the battlefield , Secretary of State John Kerry told CNN in an interview that aired Sunday . "  I 'm not telling you that they do n't have some ability at some point to go back and get involved  in fighting  . But they also have an ability to get killed doing that . " Kerry said in his first public comments on the controversial prisoner exchange . Kerry defended the swap and told CNN the former detainees will be monitored closely -- and not just by officials in Qatar , where they were flown after being released . He would n't say who else will be watching , but he said the United States is confident the conditions of their release will be honored . "  And if they 're violated , then we have the ability to be able to do things , " he said , warning that the United States would do whatever is necessary to protect Americans "  if these guys pick a fight with us in the future , or now , or at any time . " Bergdahl was released May 31 near the Afghanistan-Pakistan border in an exchange for five Taliban detainees held at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . Republican critics in Washington have complained that the exchange for Bergdahl gave up hardened terrorists capable of attacking U.S. troops and interests . In addition , legislators from both parties accuse the Obama administration of violating the National Defense Authorization Act by failing to provide 30 days ' advance notice to Congress of a transfer of Guantanamo detainees . Administration officials have given several reasons for the lack of notification -- a need to move quickly due to Bergdahl 's poor health and the overall threat to his safety , and the likelihood that even a small leak of the plan could have led to his death . How did six soldiers die after Bergdahl 's disappearance ? U.S. official : Bergdahl wants to be called private first class New reports about Bergdahl 's time in captivity Bergdahl is recovering at a U.S. military hospital in Germany as details slowly emerge about his condition after five years of captivity . Citing an American official , The New York Times reported Sunday that Bergdahl told medical staff that the box he was kept in for weeks at a time was pitch black and like a shark cage . CNN reported Friday that Bergdahl has said he was kept in a small box after trying to escape , according to a senior U.S. official , who spoke on the condition of not being identified . The official also told CNN that Bergdahl suffers from psychological trauma caused by physical abuse . A Taliban source with knowledge of Bergdahl 's captivity told CNN 's Nic Robertson Sunday that Bergdahl was kept in a house owned by an old man , then escaped and was on the run for three days . When he was recaptured after that escape attempt , according to the Taliban source , he was not punished with a cage or cell , but was taken to a more secure location where he had no chance to escape . A U.S. official told CNN last week that Bergdahl may have tried to escape his Taliban captors on at least two occasions . The Taliban source said Bergdahl was given books to read that included Islamic books , but he was not forced to convert and remained true to his Christian upbringing . He was allowed to celebrate Christmas and Easter , the source said . Bergdahl learned to speak the local language of Pashto , was able to exercise and sometimes played soccer with the Taliban , the source said . Hospital : Bergdahl is improving , but is n't ready to travel Doctors at Landstuhl Regional Medical Center , where Bergdahl was taken after his handover , said Friday that he was in stable condition and continued to improve but was n't ready to travel to the United States . "  There is no predetermined timeline for Sgt. Bergdahl 's recovery process , " a hospital statement said . "  The duration will continue to be based on the pace of his healing and reintegration process . " The Times report added that Bergdahl has taken walks outside his hospital room while wearing his Army uniform , according to the American official . Bergdahl , who was promoted twice on schedule while in captivity , objects to being called sergeant , the Times reported . Bergdahl was a private first class when he went missing on June 30 , 2009 , in Afghanistan 's Paktika province , where he was deployed with the 1st Battalion , 501st Infantry Regiment , 4th Brigade Combat Team , 25th Infantry Division . When he is ready , Bergdahl will be flown to the San Antonio Military Medical Center in Texas , where he may be able to reunite with his parents . Bergdahl has not spoken with them since his release . Taliban celebrates Nine songs celebrating the release of the five Taliban detainees were posted to a Taliban website Saturday . On one tune , a singer calls the men "  grand champions " and praises their Islamic faith . According to a CNN translation , a man sings in Pashto : Welcome a hundred times , welcome grand champions Congratulations your new life , O freed men Welcome a hundred times , welcome grand champions Congratulations your new life , O freed men Threats against parents The FBI is investigating threats against Bergdahl 's parents , who have not been seen publicly since sending their son messages of love through a news conference days after his release . "  We are working jointly with our state and local partners and taking each threat seriously , " FBI Special Agent William Facer told CNN in an e-mail Saturday . Facer declined to detail the nature and severity of the threats , and a military representative for the Bergdahls declined to comment . Bergdahl 's father received threats in three messages via e-mail at his home , according to a law enforcement official familiar with the contents of the e-mail . The first threat came on Wednesday , the official said , adding that FBI investigators will be tracing the messages to pinpoint who sent them . Since Bergdahl 's release , critics , including a former member of his unit , have contended that Bergdahl deserted . The Army concluded in a 2009 report that he left his post deliberately . But the Army has no definitive finding that Bergdahl deserted because that would require knowing his intent -- something Army officials ca n't learn without talking to the soldier , a U.S. military official told CNN . Susan Rice defends Bergdahl comments , calls his service ` honorable ' The Bergdahl Files : A custom magazine CNN 's Barbara Starr , Qadir Sediqi , Ed Lavandera , Devon Sayers and Shimon Prokupecz contributed to this report .	NEW : Taliban source : Bergdahl did not convert to Islam , learned to speak Pashto NEW : Law enforcement official : Threats to Bergdahl family came via e-mail John Kerry says released Taliban figures will be monitored If they turn to violent ways , they could die violent deaths , he says
CNN  -- An arrest warrant has been issued for a Florida man suspected in the shooting deaths of four people , including his sisters , in the coastal town of Jupiter , authorities said Saturday . Paul Michael Merhige , 35 , allegedly left the scene of the Thanksgiving Day shooting armed . He faces four counts of first-degree murder and two counts of attempted first-degree murder , the Palm Beach County State Attorney 's Office said in a statement . The U.S. Marshals have joined the search for Merhige , and a $ 10,000 reward was offered for information leading to his arrest . The shooting victims include Merhige 's 6-year-old cousin , Makayla Sitton ; his 33-year-old twin sisters , Carla Merhige and Lisa Knight ; and 76-year-old Raymond Joseph , police said . One of the victims -- Knight -- was pregnant , a police spokeswoman said Friday . Two others -- Patrick Knight and Clifford Gebara -- were wounded , police said . Interviews with family members suggest that Merhige "  had ongoing resentment " for some of his relatives , said Sally Collins-Ortiz , a spokeswoman for Jupiter police . The shooting occurred about 10 p.m. Thursday . Merhige is thought to have escaped in a blue 2007 Toyota Camry with Florida license plate number W42 7JT , police said .	Paul Michael Merhige faces four counts of first-degree murder , two counts of attempted murder Four shot dead , 2 hurt in Jupiter , Florida on Thanksgiving night Police : Merhige may have had "  resentment " for relatives
CNN  -- The death of a U.S. Army captain who died while engaged in a video chat with his wife from Afghanistan remained under investigation Saturday , the family said . Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark was in Tarin Kowt , about 85 miles  140 kilometers  north of Kandahar , when he died during a Skype session with his wife . Clarence Davis , a spokesman for the William Beaumont Army Medical Center in El Paso , Texas , where Clark was based , said that it has not been determined how Clark died and that the case is under investigation . Clark 's family said in a statement that they 'd hoped for "  a miracle " after his wife Susan saw what happened to Clark during their chat on Monday , but "  it was not to be . " They did not elaborate as to what took place . "  Although the circumstances were unimaginable , Bruce 's wife and extended family will be forever thankful that he and his wife were together in his last moments , " Clark 's wife and family said Friday . Clark -- known by many as Kevin -- was a chief nurse in the Army who amassed many honors in his military career , according to his family . Those include an Army Commendation Medal , Military Outstanding Volunteer Service , Global War on Terrorism Service Medal and an Army Service Medal . The longtime resident of Spencerport , New York , joined the Army in September 2006 and served , among other places , at the Tripler Army Medical Center in Hawaii , according to a Beaumont Army Medical Center statement . More recently , he was based at that medical facility in southwest Texas and assigned to the Army 's A Company , Troop Command . "  He loved being in the military , " his sister-in-law Mariana Barry told CNN affiliate WHAM in upstate New York . "  He was absolutely willing to make any sacrifice , and it 's just horrible that this is the sacrifice he ended up making . " His commander described Clark , 43 , as "  awesome , " "  professional " and "  a great asset , leader and friend , " the family said . After his death , special operations troops from the United States and Australia lined up to give him his final send-off from Afghanistan . And on Thursday , his casket was wrapped in an American flag as it was transported off a military plane onto the tarmac of Dover Air Force Base in Delaware , according to the U.S. Air Force Mortuary Affairs Operation . While no dates have been given , the family said that Clark 's funeral will be in Spencerport and a memorial service will be held in Addison , Michigan . In addition , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo directed that all flags at state government buildings be flown at half-staff Monday in Clark 's honor , as he 's done with other Empire State troops who have died in combat zones . In addition to his wife , Clark is survived by two daughters . Dozens have posted comments on a Facebook tribute page set up in Clark 's honor , some of them from people who knew him and his family personally and others from strangers wishing to thank him for his service . "  He was an excellent nurse , a fierce patient advocate , and loved to teach students . But what I remember most about him is the great love he had for his wife and beautiful little girls , " one woman wrote . "  I have no doubt that Bruce will be watching them and loving them forever more . " Barry said that her sister Susan is "  being strong " for her daughters and that the entire family is committed to stepping up -- just like Clark did . "  We 're going to try to take care of my sister and my nieces the way that Kevin would have taken care of them , and the way he would have wanted us to take care of them , " Barry said . CNN 's Carma Hassan and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Capt. Bruce Kevin Clark died during a Skype session with his wife , the family says Clark 's family did not elaborate as to what took place The U.S. military has not released a cause of death The case is under investigation , the military says
CNN  -- Jennifer Lawrence gives everything her all -- even lip-syncing . The Oscar winning actress gave a showstopping performance in 2013 's "  American Hustle , " but there 's one scene that we 're just now getting to fully appreciate . In the David O. Russell dramedy , Lawrence plays Rosalyn Rosenfeld , a '70s housewife with a penchant for belting out the era 's hits while scrubbing down her home . In the movie , Lawrence sings along to Wings ' "  Live and Let Die " with such fervor it left us wishing she had a second career as a cover band frontwoman . But it gets even better : it turns out Lawrence also filmed a scene with Santana 's 1969 track "  Evil Ways " as the song of choice . The sequence did n't make it into the final film , but the DVD/Blu-ray , released on March 18 , includes extended outtakes like this one : Clearly , we 've been approaching housecleaning in the wrong way . It seems it 's best done with solo dancing and the most sincere lip-syncing this side of a pop star 's concert . Lawrence may have lost out on a best supporting actress Oscar for her "  American Hustle " role -- that went to Lupita Nyong ' o for "  12 Years A Slave " -- but she 's won the Internet with this performance .	Jennifer Lawrence gives a powerful performance in "  American Hustle " In a deleted scene , she was just as good lip-syncing Santana 's "  Evil Ways " The sequence is included in the DVD/Blu-ray version of the film
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Four men accused by prosecutors of being "  eager to bring death to Jews " were ordered held without bail Thursday , accused of trying to bomb two New York synagogues and planning to fire surface-to-air missiles at U.S. military planes . Three of the suspects are taken away by authorities after the arrests were made . The plot ended with federal agents and New York police using an 18-wheel truck to block the vehicle containing the suspects after they planted what they believed were explosive devices in cars near the synagogues Wednesday night , said New York City Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly . The devices were duds . All four suspects are accused of plotting to detonate explosives near two synagogues in the Riverdale section of the Bronx and seeking to fire missiles at planes at an Air National Guard base . Kelly described the plot as homegrown , with no known links to any foreign or domestic groups . The plot was uncovered in a yearlong investigation involving an FBI informant , authorities said . At a court hearing Thursday , three of the suspects -- James Cromitie , David Williams and Onta Williams -- shook their heads as prosecutors appealed to U.S. Magistrate Lisa Smith to order them held without bail . Prosecutor Eric Snyder described the suspects as violent men "  eager to bring death to Jews . " Watch police commissioner give details on suspects " Smith ordered the three to remain in custody without bail until their next court appearance on June 5 . Smith also approved a request by Cromitie , accused of being the ringleader , for medical care for cuts he said he received from flying glass during the arrest . After the hearing , Cromitie 's lawyer , Vincent Briccetti , declined to comment on the case . At a later hearing , the fourth suspect , Laguerre Payen , also was remanded without bail . Payen received medical treatment for injuries he suffered during the arrest and had a bandage over one eye at his hearing . Payen 's lawyer said her client had a history of mental instability , but Snyder , the prosecutor , said videotapes of the suspects showed Payen to be a coherent and willing participant . Payen told the judge he has prescriptions for the drugs Celexa and Seroquel . Celexa is used to treat depression and Seroquel is used to treat conditions including bipolar disorder . Cromitie , David Williams and Onta Williams are U.S. citizens , while Payen is a Haitian , according to the New York governor 's office . Police said three of the suspects have prior criminal records and all were believed to consider themselves Muslim . Mayor Michael Bloomberg praised the work of his city 's police department and federal authorities in uncovering the alleged plot . "  The good news here is that the New York Police Department and FBI did exactly what they 're trained to do and prevented what could have been a terrible event , " Bloomberg said . "  We have to constantly be vigilant . " At the targeted sites on Thursday , worshippers said they were relieved that the plot was halted , but they did n't intend to change their daily routines . "  Unfortunately , this is the world we live in , " said Nurit Bacharach of the Gan Miriam Early Childhood Center at the Hebrew Institute in Riverdale . "  We just have to forge ahead and keep a positive mind and live life and just be cautious and aware . " According to New York and federal authorities , an FBI informant met with Cromitie in June 2008 in Newburgh , New York . During that meeting Cromitie said his parents lived in Afghanistan , he was angry about the U.S. war there , and he had an interest in "  doing something to America . " Watch suspects ' possible motivation " The four suspects began meeting and plotting to bomb the synagogues with the informant at a home equipped with concealed video and audio equipment , authorities said . The suspects also conducted surveillance , including photographs , of an Air National Guard base where they wanted to blow up planes , authorities said . The informant provided the men with a surface-to-air guided missile and C-4 plastic explosives , none of which could actually be used . "  No one was at risk , " said Kelly , the police commissioner , describing the explosive devices as duds created to dupe the suspects . Kelly said that after the suspects planted the 37-pound devices in two cars , a waiting contingent of officers pulled an 18-wheeler across the road to block the suspects ' vehicle and then smashed their windows to apprehend them without a struggle . The charges against the men include conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction in the United States and conspiracy to acquire and use anti-aircraft missiles . The charges carry a maximum sentence of life in prison .	NEW : All four suspects ordered held without bail Four men suspected of plotting to bomb Jewish targets in New York , authorities say Men also planned to shoot down military planes , according to criminal complaint
New York  CNN  -- A Manhattan mother returned home early Thursday evening to find two of her young children stabbed to death in a bathtub , as their nanny lay bleeding nearby , police said . The mother , 38 , had just returned around 5:30 p.m. to the family apartment on Manhattan 's West Side with her 3-year-old daughter , who she had just taken to swimming lessons , police Commissioner Ray Kelly said . All the lights were out in the residence , so she went downstairs to ask the doorman whether her two other children and their nanny had gone outside . After the doorman said they had not , the mother went back upstairs and started looking around , Kelly said . Peering into a bathroom , she let out a scream upon finding her 1-year-old son and 6-year-old daughter stabbed to death in the bathtub , according to Kelly . The children 's 50-year-old nanny was on the bathroom floor unconscious and bleeding from what appeared to be self-inflicted stab wounds to her neck , Kelly said . A kitchen knife sat next to her , according to police spokesman Paul Browne . A neighbor , Sandy Marcus , told CNN that she called 911 after hearing the mother 's screams . Another neighbor recalled it was hard to ascertain what was going on since "  everybody was screaming . " The children were taken to Roosevelt Hospital and pronounced dead . The father of the children is Kevin Krim , an executive with CNBC , several officials familiar with the investigation said . The nanny is at St. Luke 's Hospital , also in New York , in critical but stable condition , according to Kelly . No charges have been filed yet in the case , he added . Klein described the family at the center of the horror as "  all-American " and "  lovely . " "  It 's like something you read about in the papers , in some distant country , but never on your floor , " she said . CNN 's Deborah Feyerick , Logan Burruss and Brittany Brady contributed to this report .	NEW : The father is a CNBC executive , officials familiar with the investigation say . The nanny was next to the kids with what appeared to be self-inflicted stab wounds , police say She 's in critical but stable condition , the city 's police commissioner says The slain children were 1 and 6 years old
New York  CNN  -- You have heard of the seven-year itch in marriage . Now , the itch caused by bedbugs is causing relationships to come under even more pressure . New Yorkers say they have increasingly heard tales of couples breaking up because of the little creatures that have infested New York homes , stores and movie theaters . One man , interviewed randomly on the street , said he knew someone who broke up because of the bugs who like to hide in mattresses . He said that 's "  because they were scared to death about bugs . She would n't date him because he had bedbugs , and she freaked out . " The fear of bedbugs is also heightening intimacy tensions . Stacie Handwerker , a real estate attorney , said , "  I was dating a guy , and he asked me do you have any bedbugs in -LSB- your -RSB- apartment ? Because if you do , you wo n't be seeing me ! " The exterminators are on the front lines of the bedbug battles , and they have seen the casualties : romance . Timothy Wong , the technical director of M&M Environmental exterminators in lower Manhattan , said he has seen couples break up because of bedbugs . "  The girlfriend had them at home , and the boyfriend did n't stick by her , so it actually destroyed that relationship , " he said . "  I got rid of the bedbugs , but I was n't able to salvage the relationship , but I 'm sure there were other problems before that , " said Wong . The phones were ringing nonstop in his offices . Wong says the callers are usually the ones not getting bitten . Some of the callers blame their loved one , claiming they do n't have any bites . Relationship and life coach Donna Barnes said bedbugs are a creepy aspect to dating right now . She advises not telling people on the first date you have bedbugs . She says that when the relationship is escalating , it 's a good idea to inform the other person if you are bringing him or her into areas of potential exposure , Barnes said . She recalled a client who admitted having bedbugs . "  She was horrified , embarrassed and did n't want to tell anybody . " Barnes cautions "  if that 's the case , you 're better off to not date for a little while and clean out the problem first and then go out . " Handwerker , who was interviewed while out with friends at a bar , said "  what an age we live in where people now are vetting you out to see if you have bedbugs first . He did n't even ask me if I had any diseases . He does n't want to be eaten by bedbugs . " Based on interviews , it appears women have more resistance to meeting a man who might have bedbugs . One woman said "  men and women are different . A woman would care if a guy had bedbugs but if a man met a hot girl , he probably would n't care if she had bedbugs . " A man at the bar confirmed this , admitting "  come back to my place " would be his response to an attractive woman with bedbugs . There are no official figures regarding the effects of bedbugs on relationships in New York . Many New Yorkers questioned reported no contact with bedbugs or any relationship strains because of the fear . One woman said , "  I think there 's enough excuses not to date someone in New York . ... Bedbugs does n't need to be added to it . "	Bedbug infestation has added new wrinkle to New York City 's dating scene Exterminator says he 's seen relationships killed when one partner gets bedbugs Life coach on one of her clients : "  She was horrified , embarrassed "
EW.com  -- The CW just gave every one of its freshman dramas a full-season order . "  The Originals " ? Full season ! "  The Tomorrow People " ? Full season ! "  Reign " ? Full season ! The network is like Oprah giving away cars . Or Miley giving away tongue wags . Or something else that 's easy to get from something that gives away stuff . "  The Originals " was a given . "  The Vampire Diaries " spin-off has averaged 2.7 million viewers and a 1.3 rating among adults 18-49 and The CW needs to keep at least one show for a full season . With its solid-ishy performance , the drama was clearly headed toward a pickup . "  The Tomorrow People "  2.4 million , 0.9  and "  Reign "  2.1 million , 0.8  felt like one might survive while the other might not . Not because either are doing really well , exactly , but because The CW has limited inventory to play with  The CW has Twilight-but-with-aliens-romance Star-Crossed and Lost-meets-Avatar-meets-Lord of the Flies drama The 100 in the pipeline  . Specifically , many in the industry expected Reign to get beheaded . Explained CW president Mark Pedowitz : "  In just a few seasons , we have built a much stronger primetime schedule . Our on-air ratings are up year to year , and our digital viewing continues to grow exponentially . We 're excited about the creative momentum the producers have established for all three of our new series , and now our fans will have the chance to see the full stories unfold for them this season . With the additional episodes ordered , plus two new dramas and new reality for midseason , we 'll be able to continue our commitment to adding more original programming all year long . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The CW has grabbed up all of their freshman dramas It felt like "  The Tomorrow People " and "  Reign " could n't both survive CW prez says "  we have built a much stronger primetime schedule "
CNN  -- A Texas actress in a troubled marriage was arrested and charged Friday in connection with ricin-tainted letters that were mailed last month to President Barack Obama and New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , authorities said . Shannon Richardson , 35 , also known as Shannon Rogers and Shannon Guess , initially told the FBI that her husband , Nathaniel , sent the ricin-laced letters , but a polygraph exam found her to be "  deceptive " on the matter , court papers said . Investigators found that her computer storage devices contained the text of threatening letters sent to the president , but the couple 's computer records show her husband could n't have printed them out because he was at work at the time , an FBI arrest affidavit said . On Thursday , Shannon Richardson told investigators she mailed the ricin-tainted letters , but she claimed that her husband typed the letters and forced her to print and mail them , the affidavit said . New poison letters put ricin under microscope Her husband denied involvement and claimed his wife wanted to end their marriage and leave him , the affidavit said . He told investigators that his wife was "  intentionally misleading " them , the court papers said . Shannon Richardson is accused of mailing a threatening communication to the president and faces up to 10 years in prison if convicted , according to a statement from U.S. Attorney John M. Bales ' office in Texas . Also on Thursday , Nathaniel Richardson filed for divorce . His wife is pregnant , and the anticipated birth date and sex of the fetus is not known , the divorce lawsuit said . The couple married on October 8 , 2011 , the suit said . Shannon Richardson allegedly also mailed a third letter with the toxin ricin to Mark Glaze , director of Mayors Against Illegal Guns , which was founded and co-chaired by Bloomberg , the FBI arrest affidavit said . The group 's office is in Washington . She made an initial appearance Friday afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Caroline Craven in Texarkana , Texas , the prosecutor said . She was arrested in Mount Pleasant , Texas , authorities said . The three letters were mailed from Shreveport , Louisiana , last month , federal authorities say . The FBI found "  very low concentrations " of ricin on the letters , a spokesman said last month . Richardson has had minor roles in TV series , including "  The Walking Dead " and "  The Vampire Diaries . " A law enforcement official told CNN that investigators believe Richardson sent the letters herself . She was angry at her husband , the official said . CNN reported early in the investigation that the FBI considered Richardson to have serious credibility issues when they began interviewing her . What is ricin ? CNN 's Joe Johns and Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Shannon Richardson , 35 , initially told FBI her husband sent ricin-tainted letters But she failed polygraph , and husband said she wanted to end marriage , FBI says Before her arrest , she allegedly admits to mailing letters , but says husband forced her Her husband files for divorce ; she 's also pregnant , divorce lawsuit says
MUTARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A Zimbabwean court ordered a senior opposition politician back to jail Wednesday to await his trial , set to begin next week . Roy Bennett talks to the press in March 2009 , a few moments after being released on bail . "  I commit the accused to prison , " Magistrate Lucy Mungwari said as she announced the ruling in Roy Bennett 's case to a packed courtroom in Mutare , about 185 miles southeast of the capital , Harare . Bennett , a Movement for Democratic Change politician and an ardent critic of President Robert Mugabe 's policies , was arrested on February 13 -- just before he was to be sworn in as deputy agriculture minister in the new power-sharing government . He faces charges of possessing weapons for sabotage , banditry and terrorism . Initially he had been charged with treason . Immediately after the ruling , prison guards whisked away a visibly shocked Bennett , clad in khaki trousers , brown shoes and a checked shirt . "  We are really worried by this development , " said Bennett 's lawyer , Trust Maanda . "  We are trying all possibilities to have him released . We will be at the high court this evening to seek his liberty . " State prosecutor Chris Mutangadura said the development was a "  natural effect of the law . " "  It is procedural , " Mutangadura said . "  He had to be indicted to the high court , and that means he loses his liberty until the trial resumes . " "  If there is any defect in the process , the accused should raise it with the high court , " said the magistrate , Mungwari . A spokesman for Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai said the premier has tried to meet with Mugabe since hearing that Bennett was sent back to jail . Tsvangirai has not been granted access by Mugabe 's employees , said spokesman James Maridadi . "  The prime minister has suspended the council of ministers ' meeting he chairs on Thursdays , " Maridadi said . " ... He is meeting his party leadership first thing on Thursday . " The arrest of Bennett , a white coffee grower whose property was expropriated under the country 's controversial land reform laws , came as other ministers where being sworn into the coalition government formed by Mugabe and Tsvangirai . The action almost derailed the power-sharing deal , which had been brokered by the regional Southern African Development Community after a hotly disputed election won by Mugabe last year . Bennett spent about a month in jail before the country 's Supreme Court ordered him released on bail in March . Movement for Democratic Change spokesman Nelson Chamisa called Wednesday 's ruling "  a ridiculous and extraordinary development . " He said it was a "  serious abuse of the law , which will affect the coalition government , " and added , "  We are not going to sit and watch this abuse go on . "	Bennett is a Movement for Democratic Change politician He is arrested before he was to be sworn in as deputy agriculture minister He faces charges of possessing weapons for sabotage , banditry and terrorism PM is trying to meet with President Mugabe about the latest development
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As familiar and reassuring as the map of the world is , there is only so much that physical geography can tell us about the state of the planet . Forest loss : This cartogram shows areas where the worst deforestation occured from 1990 to 2000 . A new book , The Atlas of the Real World , has redrawn the map giving vivid new insights and bringing economic , social and environmental data to life . Not since the German meteorologist , Alfred Wegener , sketched out the first detailed theories of continental drift has the world appeared so misshapen , so otherworldly . The 366 cartograms  statistical maps  which make up the book twist , shrink and distend countries and continents into all sorts of shapes and sizes . The book and the accompanying Web site were devised by Daniel Dorling , professor of human geography at the UK 's University of Sheffield , Anna Barford , a research associate at Sheffield and Mark Newman , a professor of physics at the University of Michigan . Work on the project began in earnest in 2006 when Dorling teamed up with Newman , who had co-created a new software technique for creating equal area cartograms the year before . With the software in place , the painstaking task of assembling the data began . The information was drawn from a variety of organizations including the United Nations , the World Health Organization and the World Bank . For ease of visual comparison , territories are split into 12 geographical regions -- e.g. blue for North America , brown for Northern Africa -- and shading marks out specific countries . The range of subjects is impressive , from greenhouse gas emissions , wealth and disease to more obscure data about numbers of dentists and working tractors . John Pritchard , research assistant at University of Sheffield and part of the team working on the project , told CNN : "  I think the maps of disease are particularly shocking and bring home the scale of the problem in Africa better than a table of statistics does . " Indeed , the map of malaria deaths is striking : 94 percent of deaths from malaria occur in Africa , making the continent appear like a vast bloated blob . The rest of the world is reduced to a disparate series of veiny streaks . There are other sobering statistics to consider . In June 2008 , Principal Voices spoke to Head of Research at Oxfam GB Duncan Green about strategies to eradicate poverty . Green talked about the education being crucial to breaking the cycle of poverty , particularly for girls . The new atlas 's Girls not at Primary School cartogram graphically illustrates the lack of female education in many parts of the developing world . Team members are currently working on a map of languages and soon hope to be producing animated maps . "  We have a series of maps that show deaths at various stages , which would be particularly suited to an animation , and we now have a PhD student looking at extending the Web site , including ways of mapping flow . " Pritchard said .	The Atlas of the Real World brings economic , social and environmental data to life 366 cartograms include vivid data on disease , wealth , poverty and the environment Team are extending the collection with maps of language and developing animations
CNN  Former male model Elo used to make a living from his good looks . But after modeling for 10 years the self-confessed car nut had earned enough money to indulge his passion . He started by buying several cars , as well as customizing them for clients across the world , and in 2001 he founded the London Motor Museum . Today is has nearly 250 automobiles . "  When I was modeling , the best part of my modeling career was  that  I was expressing what my client wanted me to do , " he says . "  I still express what  clients  want me to express , but this time in a three-dimensional form with an engine and an exhaust and some wheels . And that is ultimate satisfaction . " During his fashion model days , Elo owned seven cars and would drive a different one each day of the week . What started as a passion gradually demanded more and more of his time , and after a while Elo felt that he came to a crossroads . "  I had to weigh between continuing modeling or stopping modeling to just do cars . So I chose the latter , " he says . "  My friends told me ` You 're absolutely crazy , look at all these beautiful women , look at all this traveling around the world . ' And I 'm like ` Are you out of your mind ? Look at that beautiful steel ! ' That 's the best . " Today , the car-lover 's collection includes gems such as the 1937 Lincoln Zephyr , and a low-riding customized Cadillac which used to belong to Snoop Dogg -- the so-called "  Snoop de Ville " . But what gives Elo the most satisfaction is something less material : the feeling of freedom . "  When I drive a car , I feel like I am leaving all my worries behind , and it 's just staying behind whilst I 'm going forward , " he says .	Elo used to be a successful male model In 2001 he founded the London Motor Museum which today has over 200 cars Elo also customizes cars for clients across the world
CNN  -- Why do people want to visit North Korea ? The closed and strictly regulated country is not particularly welcoming to guests . Going in or out is complicated for visitors and impossible for anyone who offends the government . The slightest negative remark about the country 's ruling family can be considered treason . Some Koreans who have left the country want to visit family or see the place where they were born . Some non-Korean travelers want to see a place most people wo n't ever get to visit . Merrill Newman of Palo Alto , California , wanted to see the country where he had once fought a war . The North Korean government certainly does n't it make it easy for foreigners to visit . If you 're American , the rules are even stricter . And then there 's the danger of something going wrong , as it did for the 85-year-old Newman . Newman was on an airplane to depart North Korea for Beijing on October 26 after a government-sanctioned tour when he was removed from the aircraft , his son told CNN on Wednesday . His family has n't heard from him since . On Tuesday , the U.S. Department of State advised U.S citizens not to travel to North Korea , noting "  the risk of arbitrary arrest and  long-term  detention of U.S. citizens in North Korea . " Four U.S. citizens have been arrested for entering North Korea illegally since January 2009 , and two U.S. citizens with valid visas were arrested there on other charges , the State Department warned . The British Foreign & Commonwealth Office is n't warning their citizens against making the trip , but its website does warn against making "  insults or jokes about the North Korean political system and its leadership " or taking pictures of Korean officials or guarded buildings . "  In 2008 a South Korean tourist who strayed into a restricted military area was shot dead . Take care to remain in permitted areas and move away immediately if asked to do so by North Korean officials . " How Americans get to North Korea All tourists must book a guided tour with one of about a dozen companies approved by the state-run Korea International Travel Company .  The tour operators should walk you through the visa and other requirements .  And U.S. citizens face specific restrictions that do n't apply to other travelers . They can only enter the country via airplane , unlike other travelers who can enter from China by train . American travelers often fly into North Korea via China , so the U.S. Department of State recommends getting a multiple-entry visa for China , since a valid Chinese visa is required to re-enter China after leaving North Korea . Once in Beijing , travelers approved by the North Korean government may get North Korean visas at the country 's Beijing embassy . No freedom of speech here The U.S. Department of State recommends that Americans register with the U.S. Embassy in Beijing , and the Swedish Embassy in North Korea .  The United States does n't have diplomatic relations with North Korea . Americans must remember they are n't in the United States anymore , and U.S. constitutional guarantees of freedom of speech or religion do n't apply in North Korea -- or any other foreign country . Sensitivity to a very different political reality is required . Slipping away from your hotel and government-required guide to explore can get you and your guide in trouble . Talking to North Koreans without permission -- even if they do n't speak English -- can also get both of you in trouble . Even throwing away an official newspaper bearing a photo of a member of the Kim family , which are treated with the deference usually given to religious objects , has gotten travelers in trouble , said one U.S.-based Asia travel expert , who did n't want to be named so he would n't be banned from traveling to North Korea . "  If you think you can do whatever you want , you are going to get other people in trouble , " said the expert , who has led tours to North Korea . "  You really have to be careful about what you say . Be conscious of the fact you 're going to get other people in trouble for your actions . Observe , do n't proselytize . " How to travel to North Korea	The U.S. State Department advises against travel to North Korea British officials warn that insulting the country 's rulers could get you in trouble Do n't take pictures of Korean officials or guarded buildings
Trust is , supposedly , the new currency of the sharing economy . It drives , to excuse the pun , data intensive sharing companies like Uber , the controversial transportation sharing startup now valued at $ 19 billion . Uber drivers get reviewed and are dismissed if they score badly and are considered untrustworthy . Even Uber users get scored by drivers and might not get picked up if they are n't well reviewed . Everyone gets rated on Uber . Everyone , that is , except senior Uber executives themselves . Last Friday night , at a dinner party set up by Uber as an off-the-record briefing , at Manhattan 's exclusive Waverly Inn bistro , Emil Michael , the company 's vice president of business , proposed a dastardly scheme to compromise one of Uber 's leading media critics . Michael suggested that Uber use its vast collection of consumer data to "  dig up dirt " on Sarah Lacey , the founder of the Silicon Valley news site Pando . Over a dinner attended by leading technology pundits , Michael suggested that Uber could spend "  a million dollars " to hire a crack team of researchers and journalists . This investigative team might , he said , snoop into the personal and family life of a critic like Lacey who has relentlessly exposed many of Uber 's creepiest features -- particularly what she calls the "  asshole " misogyny of its CEO , Travis Kalanick . Earlier this week , Michael 's outrageous and perhaps even criminal idea was leaked by the Buzzfeed Editor-in-Chief Ben Smith , who attended the dinner . This , of course , has generated a massive storm of outrage amongst the technorati . Peter Thiel told CNN that Uber was the most "  ethically challenged " company in Silicon Valley . While The Guardian 's Dominic Rushe rhetorically asked whether Uber is Silicon Valley 's "  worst company . " All over social media , people said the same thing : Emil Michael was the ultimate creep ! The crowd had spoken . Michael 's reviews were universally abysmal . He should be yanked , dismissed , fired . But that 's exactly what has n't happened . In spite of the popular outrage over Michael 's behavior , Travis Kalanick wrote an unapologetic 12 part Twitter "  apology " which rejected the idea of firing his most senior business executive . Uber investors have mostly remained conveniently silent with a few -- like the normally outspoken Jason Calacanis -- explicitly defending Kalanick and , by implication , Michael . In The Circle , his brilliant satire of technology companies like Uber , Dave Eggers coined the Orwellian phrase "  Sharing is caring " to describe the hypocrisy enveloping Silicon Valley . But , of course , in the sharing economy of multi-billion dollar start-ups like Uber , sharing is only caring when it comes to dismissing lowly drivers or customers . Trust is only the convenient new currency of this economy when it suits Uber . Otherwise the "  new " economy appears to be ominously old , with a rejection of transparency , democratization , openness , accountability and all the other buzzwords of the Internet revolution . We the people , however , may have the last laugh . The New York Times ' Farhad Manjoo wrote that Uber 's "  toughest challenge " now is improving its dubious ethical behavior . While Dov Seidman , the CEO of LRN and a deep thinker about business ethics , notes that the principle challenge now of a successful startup like Uber is to scale its morality . "  In the past , technology entrepreneurs created and sold devices , " Seidman says . "  Today , they create and sell platforms for human behavior , which in turn raises real questions about the social and moral implications of the behavior -- and their underlying values -- on their platforms and about the responsibility that they have for these behaviors . Tech entrepreneurs are obsessed about scaling their business models and products . But they should be just as , if not more , deliberate about scaling their values on their platforms and in their companies . " Travis Kalanick should listen to critics like Seidman . If Uber is to succeed , it needs to scale its morality in sync with its fast-growing business . Firing Emil Michael would be a beginning . It would say that Uber really is a trustworthy company . It would tell the world that Uber , and Kalanick himself , is beginning to grow up .	Uber under fire for alleged plan floated by VP Emil Michael raised idea of investigating media critic for "  dirt " CEO Travis Kalanick issued "  apology " on Twitter Keen : Michael should be fired
CNN  -- Silverstone , the host of the British Grand Prix , has unveiled a multi-million dollar revamp of their pit lane and paddock facilities called "  The Wing . " The $ 43m development began after Silverstone secured a 17-year contract to stage the British Grand Prix back in 2009 . Part of the agreement stipulated the circuit must be upgraded and five former British world champions , including current McLaren driver Jenson Button , were on hand to help launch the new building . It has three floors and a distinctive wing at one end . Designed by the architects who were behind the London 2012 Olympic Stadium it includes 41 garages , a new media center , hospitality suites , a conference center and a new VIP spectator area . Button was joined by former British champions John Surtees  1964  , Jackie Stewart  1969 , 1971 , 1973  , Nigel Mansell  1992  and Damon Hill , the 1996 title holder , and head of the British Racing Drivers ' Club  BRDC  which runs Silverstone . He said : "  The official opening of the Silverstone Wing represents the culmination of many years hard work and gives a clear statement of intent for the future . "  Silverstone has a significant historical legacy , but we maintain our place at the forefront of contemporary international motor sport , hosting an array of world class events and activities . "  This is in no small measure because British competitors have consistently led the way at the highest level of global motor sport for over eighty years . "  The BRDC is extremely proud of this new building , but we acknowledge that none of it would have been possible without our superb and exceptional Silverstone team . "  Silverstone is a cornerstone of our industry and the BRDC will continue to develop the circuit to ensure that Britain has a world class home for motor sport and related technology . " Silverstone staged the British Grand Prix from 1948 onwards but was stripped of the race in favor of Donington Park in 2008 . After concerns the new venue would not be ready in time Silverstone was handed a 17-year contract a little over 12 months later . Formula One rights holder Bernie Ecclestone , who insisted on the pit lane development when re-awarding Silverstone the British GP , called the opening of ` The Wing ' an "  important day for Formula One . " He added : "  The new pit and paddock complex is a state-of-the-art facility and will form the backbone of Silverstone 's plans to be a world class facility of its type . "  I am delighted with the progress and prospects for the future of Silverstone . It is a great shame that it could not have been completed 10 years ago , but well done Silverstone . "	Silverstone unveils a revamped multi-million dollar pit lane and paddock complex ` The Wing ' cost $ 43m and includes 41 garages , a new media center and VIP suites Former British champs including Jenson Button and Jackie Stewart were at the launch Bernie Ecclestone insisted on the changes when Silverstone was awarded British GP
CNN  -- Shahid Afridi claimed six victims to pave the way for Pakistan to claim victory by four wickets in their opening one-day international against Australia in Dubai . Career-best figures from Shahid Afridi helped steer Pakistan to victory in the first one-dayer against Australia . The all-rounder secured career-best figures of six for 38 as Australia could only manage a paltry 168 in an innings that lasted just 38.5 overs . The world champions again lost their way in the middle overs , losing eight for 27 at one stage as they wilted against Afridi 's spin . It could have been worse for the Australians who relied on a last-wicket stand of 46 runs between James Hopes  48 not out  and Ben Hilfenhaus  four  to give their score some respectability . Pakistan 's reply always looked on track with Kamran Akmal hitting 48 at the top of the order before Misbah-ul-Haq anchored the innings with an unbeaten 30 from 68 balls . A near-capacity crowd filled the Dubai Sports City Cricket Stadium as the venue hosted international cricket for the first time . The postponed series , which was originally due to be played last year , had been moved from Pakistan to neutral turf because of security concerns . Meanwhile , a superb half-century from Adam Gilchrist set Deccan Chargers on their way to a 24-run win over Bangalore Royal Challengers in the Indian Premier League in Cape Town . The Australian smashed a quickfire 71 and Rohit Sharma contributed 52 as Deccan reached 184 for six from their 20 overs . Bangalore 's reply never really got going with captain Kevin Pietersen managing just 11 before he fell to a teasing delivery from Pragyan Ojha and a smart stumping from Gilchrist . Rahul Dravid gave them hope with a thumping 48 before holing out , and Virat Kohli posted 50 , but with precious little support from their team-mates their efforts proved in vain .	Shahid Afridi claims six victims to pave the way for Pakistan to beat Australia Pakistan reach required target to win first one-dayer in Dubai by four wickets Adam Gilchrist half-century helps Deccan Chargers beat Bangalore in the IPL
Thinking about picking up a Wii U this Sunday when it goes on sale ? Already have one preordered ? Maybe you 're planning to brave the lines in hopes of lucking out ? It 's not too late to change your mind , one way or the other . I 've had a Wii U for the past week , and while I 'm not allowed to tell you what I think about the system overall until Sunday , I 've pulled together a list of points worth considering before you pull the trigger . It 's pre-sold out , everywhere . Really . Visit the website of any major retailer that carries video games and you 'll find the Wii U is either long gone or was n't being pre-sold in the first place . The only way to guarantee a system , day one , is to purchase through an auction site like eBay or through retailers that allow third-party sales like Amazon . It 's likely you 'll pay dearly if you do , of course -- from $ 400 or $ 500 to upwards of $ 3,000 . You can always stand in line . Many retailers held units back to have on hand , day one , or simply did n't offer pre-sales . You 'll want to check with your local stores for their launch day plans , but this is arguably the best route to nab a Wii U at launch if you did n't preorder and do n't want to pay scalper prices . Nintendo says it should have plenty to go around . Not on day one , but Nintendo has publicly committed to having more Wii U units in stores during the first week than it did for the Wii six years ago , and it 's doubled down on that claim by stating it 'll replenish systems "  much more frequently " during the holiday than it did for the Wii . The Wii U is n't just a Wii plus a DS . It may look like a Wii plus a DS , and it clearly shares second-screen DNA with the DS , but it 's not a DS . The DS is about what you can do when you put a second screen right next to the first screen and both of those in a device that fits in your hands . The Wii U is about what you can do if you make one of the screens your TV , snap off the other , then let it wander . And it 's not really possible for more than one person to play a DS , whereas multiple players  in the same room  are a key part of the Wii U experience . It 's also more than just a souped up Wii . The Wii was arguably just a souped up GameCube with a motion sensor . The Wii U is much more than just a souped up Wii with a tablet controller . It still supports Wii-style motion controls , but its insides are totally different -- either as or more powerful than  depending which developer you talk to  current-gen systems like the Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3 . It 's also the first HD-capable Nintendo console in the company 's history , and so far I 'm finding that makes a pretty big difference for the visual artistry , say , in a game like New Super Mario Bros. . U. Initial game port fidelity varies , but this tells us little . Running visual comparisons of Batman : Arkham City , I found that while it looks great on the Wii U , the Xbox 360 version 's textures tend to be sharper , especially when viewing distant objects . I 've also noticed significant slowdown in the Wii U version of Epic Mickey 2  it was only added as a launch title in early October  . What does that mean ? It 's hard to say . Arkham City is a port of a year-old game that was n't handled by the original developer . New systems can have steep learning curves , especially when it comes to ports . So while we 're probably about to be inundated with visual and performance comparisons , I do n't think they 'll tell us much about what the Wii U can or ca n't do , long term . The games only support one Wii U GamePad . The Wii U comes with just one Wii U GamePad , and Nintendo is n't selling the GamePad as a separate SKU  not yet , anyway  . There 's been plenty of speculation about why this is , but regardless of the real reason , you 'll want to be aware that wielding the GamePad is a one-person affair  though it 's still possible for up to four other local players to tap into a supported game using Wii Remotes  . According to Nintendo : "  In the future , the Wii U console will support , depending on the software , two Wii U GamePad controllers . " Both the Basic and Deluxe models come with an HDMI cable . And only an HDMI cable . You 'd expect the Wii U to forego Component or S-Video , but game consoles usually include a low-end composite cable  red and white for stereo audio , the yellow connector pooling the red , green and blue video signals , which causes color bleed , creating a fuzzier image  . Nintendo gets credit for being first to ditch composite entirely , which is kind of historic , since the composite standard came into existence back in 1954 . The $ 350 Deluxe model is a significantly better deal than the $ 300 Basic model . NintendoLand , the Wii Sports-like showcase game that comes with the Wii U , sells for $ 60 standalone , so that it 's a pack-in with the Deluxe model justifies the extra $ 50 alone . But the Deluxe also includes 32 GB of internal storage  the Basic only has 8 GB , and roughly 4 GB of that is earmarked for system data  , a Wii U GamePad charging cradle , a Wii U GamePad stand and a Wii U console stand . Nintendo 's so clearly aiming buyers at the Deluxe model , it 'll be a wonder if they sell any Basic systems at all . The Wii U is backward compatible with the Wii . I ca n't confirm this yet , because the system update necessary to allow the Wii U to play Wii games has n't arrived , but Nintendo says it 's a sure thing . One feature the Wii U wo n't offer : visual benefits , say upscaling or post-processing , as Sony did for PS1 games on the PS2 and PS2 games on the PS3 . According to Nintendo : "  It 's possible to play your Wii games on the Wii U , but no , we have n't announced anything about making any changes to those games in any way or changing how they would appear on the Wii U. " It has no built-in achievement or aggregate scoring system . Love or hate gamer scores and achievements ? You 'll either love or hate the Wii U . While developers are free to include in-game achievements , Nintendo offers no overarching mechanism for tracking games you 've completed or accomplishments within . A possible upside for achievement-lovers ? If you 're secretly tired of the compulsive , competitive achievement grind , the Wii U offers liberation -- a chance to go back to playing games for love of the games instead of an arbitrary number . Wii U games are more expensive than Wii games . Wii games sold on average for $ 50 . Wii U games will sell on average for $ 60 . Nintendo 's just playing catchup here , so it 's hard to fault the company for raising prices . Just bear in mind that the total cost of owning a Wii U over time is going to be notably higher than it was for owning a Wii . The GamePad is also a TV remote . Nintendo places a TV button right on the Wii U GamePad . Press it , and a touchscreen overlay appears , allowing you to change the channel , bring up your TV guide , turn the power on or off , or adjust the volume , all without reaching for your TV 's native remote . It 's a modest convenience , but a convenience nonetheless . It 's exactly as mobile  or not  as Nintendo says it is . Nintendo claims the Wii U GamePad works away from the base station up to 24 feet . That sounds about right , based on my tests . Your mileage will vary depending on what 's in your walls , where you put the base station , what else you 're doing  wirelessly speaking  , etc. . But 24 feet is n't a lot of space , range-wise , meaning the layout of your residence is going to determine whether you can play it in a separate room away from the main one . We still have no idea what the online experience is like . TVii , Miiverse , Nintendo eShop and Wii U Chat are all missing in action at this point , so we have no idea how they work , if they work or what they 'll add to the bottom line . With a little luck , Nintendo will remedy this in time for us to talk about this stuff pre-launch , but it 's entirely possible day-one reviews will be limited to commenting on the system and games only . Bear that in mind if you 're interested in the online features -- especially stuff like TVii -- and awaiting impressions or verdicts .	Wii U , Nintendo 's new gaming system , goes on sale Sunday At many retailers , the Wii U is either long gone or was n't being pre-sold The Wii U is much more than just a souped up Wii with a tablet controller Total cost of owning a Wii U over time will be notably higher than for owning a Wii
CNN  An anonymous letter bitterly insulting African-American officers was recently found in mailboxes at a Connecticut police station . It was written on official letterhead , CNN affiliate WFSB reported . It starts out with the words "  WHITE POWER " in capital letters . And it contains a line that reads , "  These Black Officers belong in the toilet . " It ends at the bottom with a repeat of the words "  WHITE POWER . " The letter was flagged to authorities by a police organization for minority officers , The Bridgeport Guardians . Though decidedly racist against all black officers , the letter singles out one in particular -- Clive Higgins , who a jury recently acquitted of using undue force in the kicking of a detained man lying at the feet of Higgins . Two other officers , one Hispanic and one white , were also involved . Those men -- Elson Morales and Joseph Lawlor -- resigned from the force , pleaded guilty to the kicking charges and will serve three months in prison , local news site ctpost.com reported . The incident in May 2011 was caught on video and posted to YouTube . The unsteady shot begins with the nattering sound of a Taser , before the lens sways over to a man on the ground . Two police officers appear to try to cuff him , then both of them kick him . A third officer , African-American , pulls up in a squad car and launches one small kick at the detained man lying on the ground . Whoever wrote the racist letter apparently did n't like that Higgins was acquitted alone and threatened his life for not going along with his convicted colleagues . "  You better watch your back . We know where you live . Your face was all over the newspaper . Remember you have no duty weapon to defend yourself , " it read . Local news site ctpost.com posted a copy of the letter online . CNN 's Rick Martin and Amanda Watts contributed to this report .	An anonymous , racist letter on Bridgeport , Connecticut , police stationery pans black officers But it targets in particular a black officer acquitted of using undue force in a police kicking incident Two more officers , a Hispanic man and a white man , were convicted and face prison
Washington  CNN  -- A major figure in the project to build an Islamic center and mosque near ground zero in New York City said Sunday that moving the project to another site is not under consideration for now . Daisy Khan , who is heading the development of the project with her husband , told ABC 's "  This Week " that a move could be considered after consultations with "  all major stakeholders " take place . "  We will meet and we will do what 's right for everyone , " Khan said , noting the project has the backing of the community board as well as New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and other politicians . Moving from the planned site two blocks from where al Qaeda attackers destroyed the World Trade Center , killing more than 2,700 people , raises constitutional issues and would be noted by Islamic extremists , Khan said . "  We have to be very careful and deliberate in making any move , " Khan said . The issue has become an emotional topic in the United States , with conservative Republicans and some families of victims leading an effort to prevent the Islamic center and mosque from being built . A protest against the project was scheduled to take place Sunday in New York . President Barack Obama , Bloomberg and others , including a group representing some families of victims of the September 11 attacks , have supported the right of Khan 's group to build the facility near ground zero . Khan appeared on the program with Rabbi Joy Levitt , the executive director of the Jewish Community Center in New York . Khan said the facility she and her husband , Imam Feisal Abdul Rauf , are developing would be modeled after the Jewish Community Center .	Daisy Khan and her husband are developing the controversial Islamic center The planned facility would be two blocks from ground zero in New York City Khan says it will be modeled after the city 's Jewish Community Center
CNN  -- Sri Lanka opened their 2011 Cricket World Cup with a thumping 210-run win over Group A outsiders Canada in front of a home crowd in Hambantota . An 81-ball century from Mahela Jayawardene -- the fastest by a Sri Lankan at a World Cup -- and 92 from captain Kumar Sangakkara laid the foundations for Sri Lanka 's formidable total of 332 for seven . The pair shared a third wicket partnership of 179 as Canada 's bowling attack toiled after earlier restricting Sri Lanka to 92 for two from the first 20 overs . Sehwag century sets up India victory Jayawardene finally fell at the end of the 44th over with the score on 276 for four . But Angelo Mathews and Thilan Samaraweera chipped in with useful runs at the death to steer Sri Lanka past 300 . Canada 's theoretical run-chase got off to the worst of starts as opener John Davison was out to the seventh ball of the innings , bowled by Thisara Perera . Fellow opener Ruvindu Gunasekera , Zubin Surkari and Jimmy Hansra all fell cheaply , leaving Canada in the mire at 42 for four after 18 overs . Captain Ashish Bagai halted a complete collapse with steady 22 before becoming Perera 's third victim . And Rizwan Cheema battled hard for his 37 as wickets tumbled around him , but was eighth man out in the 31st over . Canada 's miserable day was completed five overs later when they were all out for 122 -- Henry Osinde was last man out bowled by Ajantha Mendis for four . Sri Lanka 's next match is against Pakistan in Colombo on Saturday February 26 . Earlier in Group A , New Zealand thrashed minnows Kenya by 10 wickets in Chennai . Kenya won the toss and elected to bat and made a respectable if somewhat slow start to their innings , scoring 33 runs in the first ten overs for the loss of one wicket -- opener Alex Obanda falling to Tim Southee in the seventh over . Bangladesh excited to host Cricket World Cup But it was n't long before their innings began to unravel as Kiwi paceman Hamish Bennett -- who finished with figures of 4 for 16 -- ripped through Kenya 's top order with only Rakep Patel  16 not out  offering any resistance . Kenya 's last five batsmen managed just four runs between them as Jacob Oram and Southee bagged three wickets apiece as Kenya slumped to 69 all out in the 24th over . Kiwi openers Martin Guptill  39 not out  and Brendon McCullum  26 not out  needed just eight overs to knock off the runs as New Zealand romped home . Tougher opposition awaits for New Zealand next Friday as they face arch rivals Australia in Nagpur .	Sri Lanka 's Mahela Jayawardene scores a rapid hundred to set up 210-run win New Zealand record thumping 10-wicket win over Kenya Kenya skittled out for just 69 with Kiwi openers knocking off runs in eight overs
CNN  -- A tsunami watch issued for five nations after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the Indian Ocean was canceled about two hours later . A tsunami watch in effect after an earthquake in the Indian Ocean has been called off . The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center had issued the watch for India , Myanmar , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh after the quake , which struck at 1:55 a.m. Tuesday  3:55 p.m. Monday ET  . Its epicenter was about 163 miles  262 km  north of Port Blair in India 's Andaman Islands , and 225 miles south-southwest of Pathein , Myanmar , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The earthquake 's focus was about 20 miles below the Earth 's surface . In general , earthquakes centered closer to the Earth 's surface produce stronger shaking and can cause more damage than those further underground . Watch where the earthquakes hit " "  Sea level readings indicate that a significant tsunami was not generated , " the warning center said in a bulletin . "  Therefore , the tsunami watch issued by this center is now canceled . " According to the geological survey , a 6.4-magnitude quake struck near the south coast of Honshu , Japan , 12 minutes after the Indian Ocean quake . The Japan Meteorological Agency issued a tsunami advisory following that quake , but said that the expected wave would be under 2 feet . CNN 's Augie Martin contributed to this report .	Watch covered India , Myanmar , Thailand , Indonesia and Bangladesh It was issued after a 7.6-magnitude earthquake in the Indian Ocean Quake with 6.4-magnitude occurred near Japan 12 minutes later
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Leading Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas was mourned Monday amid conflicting accounts of the car crash Sunday that took his life . "  Paya gave decades of his life to the nonviolent struggle for freedom and democratic reform in Cuba , " read a statement issued by White House spokesman Jay Carney . "  He remained optimistic until the end that the country he loved would see a peaceful and democratic transition . " A devout Catholic , Paya , 60 , headed the Christian Liberation Movement , which attempted to carry out political change in Cuba through non-violent means , often using the legal framework of Cuba 's socialist system . On Monday , the state-run newspaper Granma featured a short item on the car crash that took Paya 's life but did not detail who he was or his work as a leading critic of the island 's leaders . The article 's headline called the accident as "  regrettable . " Read more on the Cuban dissident arrested after testifying for senators Anti-government activists rarely are reported on by Cuba 's state-run media , except to call them "  traitors " working in the employ of the U.S. government against their countrymen . According to a statement about the crash issued by the Cuban government late Sunday , the unidentified driver of the car lost control and struck a tree near the eastern Cuban city of Bayamo . On Sunday , Paya 's daughter , Rosa Maria Paya , told CNN that her family believed a second car had struck the vehicle her father was traveling in , forcing it off the road . Cuban Harold Cepero also died from the crash . Two others were in the car , it said : Swedish citizen Aron Modig and Spaniard Angel Carromero , who suffered injuries from the impact . Carromero , a technical adviser to the city of Madrid , received a gash on his head but he and Modig had been released from the hospital in Bayamo , said Francisco de Borja Morate Martin , a counselor in the Spanish Embassy in Havana . Spain 's consul to Cuba had traveled to Bayamo to assist Carromero , who was being interviewed by Cuban police , Morate said . It was not clear where the men where traveling when the crash took place . The two survivors ' testimony could be key to understanding how the crash occurred . According to the Cuban government 's statement , the crash is under investigation by police . In 2002 , Paya delivered to Cuba 's National Assembly petitions containing 11,020 signatures calling for democratic elections and freedom of speech . Paya called the proposal the Varela Project , in honor of a Cuban priest who had battled against Spanish colonial control of the island . The Varela Project did not lead to changes to Cuba 's one-party system . Instead , the Cuban government responded with its own petition drive that permanently ratified the socialist nature of the island 's government . During his 2002 visit to Cuba , former U.S. President Jimmy Carter was permitted to speak on Cuban state television and mentioned the Varela Project , the first time that many Cubans had heard of Paya 's efforts to change the country 's political system . Memorial services were being planned for Paya in Havana , Miami and Madrid .	A White House statement honors Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya Sardinas Paya died in a car crash in eastern Cuba His daughter says the family believes the car was forced off the road Another Cuban also died in the crash , while a Swede and a Spaniard were injured
CNN  -- A frequently overlooked place of farms , friendly towns and relatively few people is , for now , the epicenter of U.S. politics . The place is Iowa . The question is Why-owa ? The answer is a quaint and quirky institution known as the Iowa caucuses -- an unusual , old-fashioned evening of talking about the candidates running for president and then voting on them . Separate caucuses are held across Iowa as neighbors debate the pros and cons of candidates with each other before they vote among themselves , and that result then gets totted up with the other caucuses statewide to decide the winner . The U.S. presidential campaign has been under way for months as Republicans decide who they want to run against the presumed Democrat candidate , the incumbent President Barack Obama . Candidates have spoken at rallies , debated each other on TV and opinion polls are released at least weekly . But the Iowa caucuses , to be held on Tuesday January 3 , are the first time anyone will actually vote . "  The Iowa caucuses are really like nothing else in American politics , " said CNN Political Editor Paul Steinhauser . "  I mean , imagine a cold winter night , sub-freezing temperatures . It takes a lot for a person to come out to their local school , the local church and take part for about two hours in a caucus . You 've really got to be into the process . " Americans have long chosen their presidential candidates sequentially state by state . Most states hold what they call ` primaries ' -- primary elections -- to choose delegates to attend national conventions later in the year that formally select the Democratic and Republican party nominees . This year , all attention so far has been on the fight to become the Republican nominee because Obama is expected to be the Democratic candidate . To a casual visitor the primaries look a lot like any election , with the familiar routines of voters , ballot boxes and booths . But Iowa caucuses are different and the rules vary in the roughly 1,800 state precincts that hold them . There is n't necessarily a secret ballot ; sometimes there 's no ballot at all . After everyone gets a chance to express their opinions , the vote can be on paper , with a show of hands or , for Democrats , just by congregating into groups corresponding to the different candidates and seeing who has the biggest group . It 's a particular kind of politics with a long past . The caucuses date back in different forms more than 150 years . But they never attracted much attention until the 1970s when Iowa moved its caucuses ahead of the first primary and decided to stage them all on the same evening . The media started paying attention and candidates learned that a strong showing could generate headlines nationwide . Even so , winning Iowa does n't predict much because with just three million people , the state is so small , so rural , so white and , these days , so affluent . Its agriculture-based economy is doing well enough to be spared the worst of America 's economic downturn . A recent New York Times/CBS News poll found that nearly 90 percent of likely caucus-goers described their financial situation as good . The Times says that 's about 20 points higher than the average nationwide . So maybe it 's no surprise that , looking back over the decades , the most popular candidates in Iowa do n't tend to get their party 's nomination or the presidency . To be fair , Iowa did do better than usual last time : it was half right . On the Republican side , Mike Huckabee won his party 's caucuses in 2008 , but he did n't win the Republican nomination and he 's not the president today . The Democratic caucuses that year were more telling . Barack Obama did win them , the start of a long and surprising campaign that ended in the White House . So does Iowa matter ? Historian Hugh Winebrenner writes at IowaPolitics.Com that it does because America 's media say it does . "  Iowa is first , " Winebrenner notes . The "  caucuses provide early evidence -- hard news -- on the progress of the presidential race . This is the perception of Iowa 's role , and it is therefore the reality ... " But there is more to the reality . Even if Iowa does n't add much to the process , it does subtract . After the Iowa caucuses the most successful or determined candidates will stay in the race and head to the northeastern state of New Hampshire for its primary , the first in the nation , on January 10 . The others tend to start heading home . This year , the Republican race is so unsettled , with so many candidates trading the top spots in public opinion polls , that Iowa could be unusually close and confusing . And quirky . You can count on quirky .	After months of debates and rallies Iowa is the first state where people actually get to vote for a candidate The state holds caucuses where communities debate each candidate 's merits before voting , sometimes with a show of hands Iowa 's status as first to vote means it is watched closely although it does not always pick the eventual winner Its issues are sometimes different to the nation -- so far Iowa has been spared the worst of the economic downturn
CNN  -- Residents of a western Pennsylvania neighborhood can return home Sunday after a chemical leak forced them to evacuate the night before . Hundreds of residents were forced to flee Saturday after a chemical leak in Petrolia , Pennsylvania . Authorities surveyed the neighborhood in Petrolia and determined that no traces of the toxic chemical remained , said Freda Tarbell , spokeswoman for the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection . A leak at the Indspec Chemical Corp. plant in Petrolia on Saturday formed a cloud affecting at least 2,000 residents -- some of whom fled their homes . Others huddled indoors with their windows shut , authorities said . Three people were taken to hospitals , but officials could not immediately say why . Watch why residents were asked to evacuate " It was not immediately clear how many people were injured , though plant manager Dave Dorko said all employees and inspectors at the plant were safe and accounted for . Tarbell described the chemical as fuming sulfuric acid , which is also known as oleum . The plant uses the chemical during its production process , she said . The plant produces a chemical called Resorcinol -- essentially a strong glue used in the tire industry . The leak affected between 2,000 and 2,500 residents , Tarbell said . Some stayed the night with friends and relatives and some sought refuge in shelters . Others opted to stay indoors and "  shut their windows and doors to make sure the acid cloud was not entering their home , " she said . Ed Schrecengost , a former Indspec employee , said firefighters showed up at his son 's wedding reception , urging the guests to leave . "  It 's about as dangerous as you can get , " Schrecengost told CNN affiliate WPXI . "  It 's a very fuming acid . A quart bottle of this material could fill a household in two seconds . " Dorko said the leak was caused by an overflow from a tank . The material , he said , evaporates easily , creating a toxic cloud . CNN 's Saeed Ahmed and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Environmental official says area surveyed , no traces of chemical remain Toxic cloud forms Saturday after chemical leak at Pennsylvania plant Three residents taken to hospital ; extent of injuries not known
CNN  -- A federal judge ruled Thursday that the Tennessee Valley Authority is liable for a coal ash spill in eastern Tennessee in which a massive mixture of toxic ash and water blanketed approximately 300 acres . " ... had TVA followed its own mandatory policies , procedures , and practices , the subsurface issues underlying the failure of North Dike would have been investigated , addressed , and potentially remedied before the catastrophic failure of December 22 , 2008 , " U.S. District Judge Thomas A. Varlan wrote in his 130-page decision . Plaintiffs have three weeks to file briefs recommending how the court should proceed in the next phase -- in which they must show they are entitled to relief . From the archives : Months after ash spill , Tennessee town still choking In a statement , TVA said its "  commitment has not wavered -- to clean up the spill , protect the public health and safety , restore the area , and , where justified , fairly compensate people who were directly impacted . " It added , "  TVA remains committed to the full restoration of the community directly impacted by the spill , while being mindful of our responsibility to manage ratepayer dollars . " TVA said it has bought more than 180 properties , settled more than 200 other claims from area residents and gave $ 43 million to the Roane County Economic Development Foundation . It predicted the recovery project will continue through 2015 . The spill began before dawn when the walls of a dam holding back more than 1 billion gallons of coal ash waste stored in a retention pond at TVA 's Kingston Fossil Plant , 35 miles west of Knoxville , trembled and crumbled . The mixture of water and ash , enough to fill nearly 800 Olympic-sized swimming pools , fouled the adjacent Emory River . There were no deaths , but three homes were destroyed and about a dozen others damaged . The spill contained toxic materials such as arsenic , selenium , lead , chromium and barium . But the TVA and the federal Environmental Protection Agency have reported that air and drinking water in the area were safe and that the levels of toxic substances did not exceed federal standards . Thursday 's decision was followed closely by nearby residents . "  I 'm absolutely thrilled , " said Sarah McCoin , who lives on the banks of the Emory River , about a mile from where the spill occurred . "  It 's just a huge accomplishment for our community and for other communities much like ours that are sitting in coal ash zones . " The ruling not only sets a precedent , she said , "  it also allows people to hope that what happened to us will never happen to them . " McCoin , 56 , said property values have sunk for the 40-acre farm that has been in her family for generations . "  Would you spend your money to live here ? " she asked . "  No . Nobody would . " The possibility of long-term health effects remains a concern from the disaster , she said . "  It 's infiltrated so much of our lives you start to become numb to it : The water 's not good , do n't swim in the river , do n't eat the fish , if you fall overboard , hurry up and get back on your kayak . " In 2010 , Tennessee state officials slapped the TVA with $ 11.5 million in fines after the state 's Department of Environment and Conservation determined that the authority had violated state clean-water and solid waste disposal laws . The TVA itself agreed to pay $ 40 million for economic development projects in Kingston in 2009 as part of a larger fund set up for cleanup efforts .	Judge says TVA failed to follow its own mandatory policies , procedures and practices Plaintiffs have three weeks to say why they should be compensated TVA says it remains committed to cleaning up the spill , protecting public health The catastrophic event occurred in December 2008
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- Unidentified gunmen killed two people and injured another two Wednesday in what Russian officials called a terrorist attack intended to blow up a hydroelectric power station . The attackers targeted the Baksan Hydropower Plant in the North Caucasus republic of Kabardino-Balkaria , the Investigative Committee of the Russian Prosecutor 's Office said . They killed two guards and badly beat two control-room operators , authorities said . "  At about 4 a.m. , perpetrators wearing masks penetrated inside the station and tied their hands with tape , " Valery Shogenov , the hydroelectric station 's manager , told Russian state television on the backdrop of his plant still smoking . "  But the operators managed to finally free themselves from the tape and call us about the accident , " he said . While at the station , the gunmen triggered off four improvised explosive devices that destroyed two of its three hydropower generators and caused a fire in the control room . Later , investigators defused a fifth device planted by the bombers that did n't explode . Russian security officials said the same gunmen had attacked a local police station in Baksan vullage with grenade launchers shortly before storming into the power plant . "  The possible suspects have been determined now , " the Russian National Antiterrorist Committee said in a statement . "  Government bodies are keeping the situation under their control , " it said . The special crisis center of the republic 's law enforcement agencies said three to five people were behind the attack . RusHydro , the country 's power-generating company , said on its website that the fire had been extinguished , but part of the control room 's equipment is damaged and needs replacement . RusHydro also said security has been boosted at all its hydroelectric plants across Russia 's restive northern Caucasus region . Prime Minister Vladimir Putin instructed government officials to take "  speedy measures to fully restore the power plant . " The Baksan hydroelectric plant was built in 1936 . Russian media said this was the first time in the country 's history that a power plant was attacked by terrorists .	Unidentified gunmen kill two people , injure two more Attackers wearing masks storm the power station at 4 a.m. Officials : Gunmen attacked police station before power plant RusHydro says security boosted at all its hydroelectric plants
CNN  -- A 43-year-old Missouri man -- who told police he suffocated his 3-year-old neighbor with a plastic bag , then stuffed her body in the same bag and tossed her from a highway -- appeared in court Tuesday , but did not enter a plea . Shawn Morgan of Senath has been charged with first-degree murder . His next court appearance is scheduled for August 30 . The girl , Breeann Rodriguez , was last seen on August 6 , riding her pink bicycle with her brother outside their home in Senath . While authorities have found her bike , authorities continue to search for her body , Dunklin County Prosecuting Attorney Stephen Sokoloff said . Sokoloff added -- and the Dunklin County court clerk 's office confirmed -- that Morgan does not yet have an attorney . The August 30 court appearance will be a counsel status hearing , the prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . According to a probable cause affidavit dated Saturday , police interviewed Morgan on Friday at the police department in Kennett , a larger community about 10 miles northeast of Senath . The suspect said that he spotted the girl standing on a ladder by the pool in his backyard , in Breeann 's neighborhood . He told police that he grabbed the girl and carried her inside his house . There , according to the affidavit , the man "  suffocated the girl with a white plastic trash bag , by holding it over her face and mouth . "  Morgan states that he felt like it took an hour for the girl to die , " the document adds . It says Morgan told police he put the girl 's body into the same trash bag , and then drove to Missouri 's Highway 164 and got rid of the body by throwing it over a railing into a floodway ditch . After returning home , Morgan said , he then dismantled the girl 's bike and dumped it into another , related waterway , the document says . A bicycle was recovered there and identified by Edgar Rodriguez as belonging to Breeann , his daughter . Police said Thursday that they had found two training wheels similar to those on the girl 's bike . In addition to murder , Sokoloff said in a statement Saturday that Morgan is charged with armed criminal action and tampering with physical evidence . The suspect , who Sokoloff said has three children of his own , is being held at the Dunklin County Justice Center . Meanwhile , the approximately 1,800 residents of Senath -- a town in southeast Missouri 's "  bootheel " area , about 90 miles north of Memphis , Tennessee -- are trying to come to grips with what happened . Sharon Haddock , who raised two children on the same street as both the victim and her alleged killer , said Monday that she knew Morgan as "  a little boy " and knew some of his family members as "  very nice people . " "  It 's just beyond belief that anybody ... could have done this , but now anybody on your street , " she told HLN 's Vinnie Politan . "  You think you know your neighbors , but you do n't know them as well as you think you do . I would have never dreamed this in a million years . " Another neighbor , Estelle Floyd , said she had lived 89 of her 90 years always feeling safe . But that sense of security has been shaken , and she 's still trying to make sense of what happened . "  All these neighbors ... they 'd do anything for anybody at any time , " Floyd told HLN . "  This was such a shock . ... It has touched the hearts of everybody in this town . " CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : Shawn Morgan does not enter a plea in court Tuesday He is charged with first-degree murder The girl was last seen riding her bicycle with her brother Affidavit : Morgan tells police he suffocated the girl with a plastic trash bag
CNN  -- On Thursday , the "  Fight for $ 15 " enters a new phase , with strikes and demonstrations at fast-food restaurants not only in up to 150 cities across the United States but also in about 30 nations across the globe . Fast-food workers can already claim their first major victory right here at home . Recently , Seattle Mayor Ed Murray announced a plan to gradually lift the city 's minimum wage to $ 15 . As a result , 100,000 workers in the city -- including nearly every fast-food worker -- will get a raise . From a worker 's point of view , the agreement , expected to be passed by the City Council in coming weeks , is not perfect . Businesses with as many as 500 employees , for example , will have until 2019 to guarantee their workers $ 15 an hour in total compensation , and until 2021 to pay a full $ 15 in hourly wages . No doubt some businesses within this category could sustain a faster increase . Nor does the agreement mean that fast-food and other workers will be able to freely form a union at their workplaces , a critical step in solidifying wage gains made through policy and guaranteeing other core benefits such as fair work schedules and sick leave . But this should not detract from what Seattle 's workers and their advocates have accomplished -- thanks in large part to the fast-food worker strikes and the groundswell of local support it generated . Check out the minimum wage in your state To date , the corporate leaders of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Restaurant Association -- McDonald 's , Burger King and Wendy 's among them -- have greeted every proposal for a minimum wage of even $ 10 with dire predictions of economic chaos and a fusillade of lobbying cash to squash them . But businesses have never had uniform views on wages . Polling by the Small Business Majority reveals that 57 % of small businesses support raising the minimum wage . Thousands of Main Street businesses -- and larger firms -- voluntarily choose to pay their workers more because it lowers employee turnover , improves performance and generates spending in their own stores . These fissures in the business community have become open cracks in Seattle . Although Maud Daudon , president of the Seattle Metropolitan Chamber of Commerce , was one of only three members of the mayor 's Advisory Committee on income equality not to vote for the wage agreement , 10 other business leaders on the committee did . The businesses these individuals represent span companies as large as Fortune 300 member Nucor Steel and as modest as Tutta Bella , a local pizzeria . Undoubtedly , some business representatives on the mayor 's advisory group are backing a $ 15 wage out of pragmatism rather than principle . Seattle worker groups and advocates are well-organized and enjoy the support of the mayor , the entire City Council and most Seattle residents ; better to participate and be able to shape the final contours of the inevitable wage increase than oppose the process entirely . Nevertheless , businesses are n't charities , as conservatives like to say , and so the fact that a spectrum of Seattle businesses have signed off on a $ 15 minimum wage undercuts opponents ' predictions of business closures and mass layoffs -- for if that were the inevitable result of the increase , why would Seattle 's businesses swallow such a pill voluntarily ? Real-life wage increases in other cities show that Seattle 's businesses are in fact being quite rational . The San Jose Downtown Association reports that in the year since San Jose raised its minimum wage , business has grown by 3 % -- about 10,000 new businesses were registered -- unemployment has dropped from 7.6 % to 6.3 % , and the cost of enforcing the new wage has been negligible . And if Seattle can sustain $ 15 , why not other cities ? Movements are afoot in San Francisco , Oakland , Los Angeles , San Diego , Chicago , New York and Washington to raise those cities ' minimum wages well above the $ 10.10 mark that congressional Democrats and President Barack Obama are pushing nationally . Opponents of wage increases will be quick to paint Seattle as an outlier , but business conditions in all of these cities -- and many others -- are comparable enough to Seattle that there is no reason why they ca n't absorb a similarly gradual increase to $ 15 . See who the May 15 protesters are In the end , the outcome in Seattle demonstrates what history has proved time and time again : When workers are well-organized and there is broad support for higher wages , even businesses that resist the idea are ultimately forced to pay more -- and they adjust . After experiencing years of wage stagnation while the wealthiest make money hand over fist , middle and working class Americans are rightfully insisting on a larger share of the nation 's prosperity . In years past , the corporate establishment may have been able to subdue this agitation with references to "  job creators " and patronizing warnings against "  hurting those you want to help . " But Americans -- low-wage workers , middle class families and even many business owners -- have had enough . The movement to create a decent life and a truly sustainable economy for us all can no longer be stifled . Look out : The wall of resistance to a $ 15 an hour minimum wage has been breached -- and the flood is coming to your city , too .	Fast-food and low wage workers in up to 150 U.S. cities , 30 nations will protest Thursday Seattle 's mayor introduced plan to gradually lift the city 's minimum wage to $ 15 Writers : Corporations fight any increase , but many businesses agree with hike in wage It has worked in other cities , they say ; wage will be raised and businesses will adjust
CNN  -- DJ Frankie Knuckles , who died Monday at 59 , is remembered as a legendary producer , remixer and house music pioneer . The Grammy-winning Knuckles combined "  elements of disco , electronic sound , soul and synth into a new genre earned him the title ` Godfather of House Music , ' " Recording Academy President Neil Portnow said . "  His electrifying remixes and high-energy performances on the turntables packed clubs for decades , and he inspired a generation of DJs , bringing house music to the mainstream , " Portnow said . Knuckles worked as a remixer with top artists including Whitney Houston , Michael Jackson and Diana Ross . He won a Grammy in 1997 as nonclassical remixer of the year . The mayor of his adopted hometown , Chicago , said Knuckles was one of the city 's "  most treasured cultural pioneers . " "  Over his long career Frankie made his way into the ranks of those artists and innovators who came to this city not just to contribute to a musical genre , but to create one themselves , " Mayor Rahm Emanuel said . "  In doing so , he also made his way into the hearts of those who knew him and the many more who followed his work . " A section of Chicago 's Jefferson Street is officially known as Frankie Knuckles Way . People we lost in 2014 CNN 's Joan Yeam contributed to this report .	Knuckles combined "  disco , electronic sound , soul and synth into a new genre " He worked as a remixer with Whitney Houston , Michael Jackson and Diana Ross Knuckles won a Grammy in 1997 as nonclassical remixer of the year Chicago 's mayor calls him one of that city 's "  most treasured cultural pioneers "
CNN  -- The MTV Video Music Awards nominations are out , and 2014 's show is set to be all about Beyonce . The 32-year-old singer leads this year 's group of nominees with a total of eight , including nods for video of the year , best female video , best choreography and best video with a social message . Two of Bey 's nominations are shared with her husband , Jay Z , who appears on the single "  Drunk in Love . " The sultry black-and-white music video that accompanied the track is nominated for video of the year and best collaboration . Right behind Beyonce are a pair of MCs : Australian newcomer Iggy Azalea and returned rap giant Eminem received seven nominations each . The twerking star of last year 's MTV VMAs , Miley Cyrus , is up for two awards : video of the year and best direction for her "  Wrecking Ball " clip . Some of the other 2014 nominees include : Video of the year Beyonce ft. Jay Z , "  Drunk in Love " Iggy Azalea ft. Charli XCX , "  Fancy " Miley Cyrus , "  Wrecking Ball " Pharrell Williams , "  Happy " Sia , "  Chandelier " Best male video Ed Sheeran ft. Pharrell Williams , "  Sing " Eminem ft. Rihanna , "  The Monster " John Legend , "  All of Me " Pharrell Williams , "  Happy " Sam Smith , "  Stay With Me " Best female video Ariana Grande ft. Iggy Azalea , "  Problem " Beyonce , "  Partition " Iggy Azalea ft. Charli XCX , "  Fancy " Katy Perry ft. Juicy J , "  Dark Horse " Lorde , "  Royals " Best hip-hop video Childish Gambino , "  3005â $ ³ Drake ft. Majid Jordan , "  Hold On  We 're Going Home  " Eminem , "  Berzerk " Kanye West , "  Black Skinhead " Wiz Khalifa , "  We Dem Boyz " Best pop video Ariana Grande ft. Iggy Azalea , "  Problem " Avicii ft. Aloe Blacc , "  Wake Me Up " Iggy Azalea ft. Charli XCX , "  Fancy " Jason Derulo ft. 2 Chainz , "  Talk Dirty " Pharrell Williams , "  Happy " Best rock video Arctic Monkeys , "  Do I Wan na Know ? " Black Keys , "  Fever " Imagine Dragons , "  Demons " Linkin Park , "  Until It 's Gone " Lorde , "  Royals " The 2014 MTV Video Music Awards will be held on the West Coast this year at the Forum in Inglewood , California . The show will air live at 9 p.m. ET/PT on August 24 . To see the full list of nominees , visit MTV.com .	The 2014 MTV Video Music Awards nominees were announced Thursday Beyonce leads the pack with eight She shares two of her nods with husband , Jay Z Eminem and Iggy Azalea each received seven nominations
Editor 's note : Audrey Kurth Cronin , a professor at the U.S. National War College and research associate of the Changing Character of War program at Oxford University , is the author of "  How Terrorism Ends : Understanding the Decline and Demise of Terrorist Campaigns "  Princeton University Press , September 2009  . This article represents her views only , not necessarily those of any U.S. government agency . Audrey Kurth Cronin says recent events have raised new concerns about terrorism and al Qaeda . CNN  -- President Obama entered office hoping to displace the global war on terrorism with a new age of engagement , thereby replacing fear with hope and relinquishing terrorism as the centerpiece of U.S. foreign policy . Yet terrorism is once again in the center of the bull 's - eye for Washington policymakers . The war in Afghanistan is at a watershed . Having been relatively neglected in favor of the intervention in Iraq , the administration must now decide whether to recommit to a full-fledged counter-insurgency , perhaps with an additional 40,000 U.S. troops on top of the more than 60,000 already slated for the conflict . Alternatively , some argue for a strategy that focuses on the original problem -- of al Qaeda and its extremist associates rather than more ambitious state-building . The former would appear to be more costly and perhaps a slippery slope to a protracted war that might not be winnable ; the latter could be ineffective in halting the potential resurgence in an unstable region of an al Qaeda threat to the United States and its allies . Meanwhile , in the past few weeks it seems clear that the United States has foiled a series of terrorist plots that collectively constituted the gravest threat to the American homeland since 9/11 . Najibullah Zazi , a 24-year-old Afghan immigrant , has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction in New York , while a Jordanian has been arrested , accused of attempting to destroy a Dallas , Texas , skyscraper . In addition , charges have been made against three men in North Carolina for plotting to attack a Marine Corps base and another man has been charged with conspiring to blow up federal buildings in Illinois . Is al Qaeda resurgent ? Is the United States under threat because of the failure to capture or kill Osama bin Laden ? Americans need to take a deep breath , because the answer to both questions , while requiring some caveats , is no . Al Qaeda is facing more negative trends than what international forces are facing in Afghanistan , although it is always possible that U.S. missteps could rekindle the extremist terror narrative and organization . Similarly , killing bin Laden will not end al Qaeda , but neither will his fugitive status sustain it . To answer the question of how al Qaeda will end , we can draw upon decades of experience with how other terrorist campaigns have fizzled out . The history of terrorist groups points to various ways they may decline and end : the destruction of leadership , failure to transition between generations , achieving their stated cause , negotiating a settlement , succumbing to military or police repression , losing popular support and transitioning to other malignant activities such as criminality or war . Not all of these pathways are probable for every group , and they are not all relevant to al Qaeda . For example , it is clear that al Qaeda will not end if Osama bin Laden is killed . Groups that have ended this way such as Japan 's Aum Shinrikyo or Peru 's Shining Path have been hierarchical , reflecting to some degree a cult of personality and lacking a viable successor , none of which describes al Qaeda . It also will not die out between generations , as did many of the left-wing groups of the 1970s . Al Qaeda has transitioned beyond its original structure and is a multigenerational threat . Likewise , achieving the cause or reaching a negotiated settlement does not apply to al Qaeda . Groups that have achieved their ends have had limited goals . Al Qaeda seeks maximalist goals : Using violence to mobilize the global Muslim community , throw off the influence of the West , eliminate support for Arab regimes and establish a new world order  sometimes called a Caliphate  is hardly realistic . The remaining pathways deserve greater scrutiny . Although the campaign against al Qaeda has yielded gratifying results , the limits of driving the core into hiding and reducing its capacity to operate have been demonstrated . Democracies find it hard to sustain policy of repression at home or abroad , as it can undermine civil liberties and strain domestic support . American use of military force signified Western resolve , killed al Qaeda leaders and prevented attacks , all of which were vital ; but force alone can not drive this group to its end . A loss of popular support has ended many terrorist groups , and it is a plausible scenario for al Qaeda . Support can be compromised through miscalculation , especially in targeting , and popular backlash . The Real Irish Republican Army and India 's Sikh separatists come to mind . Or a campaign can fail to convey a positive image or progress toward its goals , which amply applies to al Qaeda . While the group continues to be dangerous , the faltering popularity of this campaign with most Muslims provides clear evidence of this dynamic underway . For instance , a Pew Global Attitudes Project poll released in September showed a remarkable drop in support for suicide bombing and Osama bin Laden in key Muslim-majority countries such as Pakistan , Egypt , Turkey and Jordan . In Pakistan , whereas some 41 percent approved of suicide terror attacks five years ago , that number has fallen to a mere 5 percent today . Finally , groups can transition from terrorism to other kinds of violence , escalating to insurgency or even conventional war , for example -- especially if there is state sponsorship . Some argue that this may already have happened in the case of al Qaeda and link the current debate over Afghan strategy to this concern . In this regard , it is counterproductive to consider al Qaeda as a global insurgency . This concept bestows legitimacy , emphasizes territorial control , encourages our enemies to join forces and puts the United States into an us-versus-them strategic framework that precludes clear-eyed analyses of the strategies of leverage that are being used against the United States and its allies . In short , if we are thinking about classic pathways to the end , the secret to undermining this campaign is not "  winning hearts and minds " but enhancing al Qaeda 's tendency to lose them . More terrorist attacks will be attempted and a few will no doubt succeed in parts of the world , conceivably even in the United States . But it makes a significant difference whether such attacks are undertaken by a few recruits without proper training or support or by those who have managed to visit an al Qaeda training camp in a safe haven with full support . Thus far , the trends are heading in a favorable direction . Even in its diminished state , al Qaeda and its franchises remain armed and dangerous . This group can still hurt us . But appreciating how terrorist campaigns actually end offers the greatest promise for removing ourselves from the strategic myopia that currently grips much of Western counter-terrorism efforts and for clarifying our political objectives . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Audrey Kurth Cronin .	Audrey Cronin : Terror arrests and Afghan debate make it seem al Qaeda is gaining She says the reality is that the terror group is losing support Cronin : U.S. should encourage the disillusionment with al Qaeda in Muslim world
CNN  -- "  The political reality is ... that the Jewish lobby intimidates a lot of people up here . " -- Senator Chuck Hagel , 2006 As a result of those words and his voting record , former Nebraska Sen. Chuck Hagel 's nomination has turned a decades-long , bipartisan confirmation process for secretary of defense into an acrimonious one . While some leading figures such as the Anti-Defamation League 's Abe Foxman and the Simon Wiesenthal Center 's Rabbi Abraham Cooper say Hagel 's words are borderline anti-Semitism , I 'm less worried about anti-Semitism and more worried about the judgment of a potential defense secretary who thinks Israel has won support because of "  intimidation , " not merit . Israel is widely supported by the American people because Israel deserves to be supported . Israel is a lonely democratic ally and a steady friend of the United States in a dangerous and tumultuous region . Their people are like the American people -- free , independent , capitalistic and tolerant . A Gallup poll taken last year showed 71 % of the American people view Israel favorably while only 19 % view the Palestinian Authority favorably and just 10 % view Iran favorably . In a Pew Research Center study last month , 50 % of adults said they sympathize more with Israel in its dispute than with the Palestinians . Just 10 % sympathize more with the Palestinians , while about as many  13 %  volunteered that they sympathize with neither side . Contrary to Hagel 's logic , Israel does n't enjoy widespread American support because anyone -- from any faith -- intimidated someone else ; Israel earned the support of the American people because of its people 's values . Opinion : Hagel is a friend to Israel The danger in what Hagel said is if he thinks Israel is supported on Capitol Hill because of intimidation , then it 's not hard to see why Hagel is so soft in his support for our ally . He sees himself as an independent voice willing to stand up to intimidation , and he wears his anti-Israel votes as badges of honor . But Hagel is n't independent . He 's alone . His position on Middle Eastern matters is so outside the mainstream of both parties that almost no one agrees with him . In 2000 , Hagel was one of only four senators who refused to sign a Senate letter in support of Israel . Peter Beinart : What 's behind Hagel nomination fight The following year Hagel was one of only 11 senators who refused to sign a letter urging President George W. Bush to continue his policy of not meeting with Yasser Arafat until the Palestinian leader took steps to end the violence against Israel . John Cornyn : Why I ca n't support Hagel Contrary to America 's longstanding bipartisan position , Hagel has called for direct talks with terrorist organizations Hamas and Hezbollah . In 2007 , Hagel voted against labeling the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps , the group responsible for the death of many American servicemen in Iraq , a terrorist organization . And in 2008 , he was one of two senators on the banking committee to oppose a bill putting sanctions on Iran . One of the measure 's biggest backers was an Illinois senator named Barack Obama . I 'm a New Yorker and neither of my senators -- Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand -- supports Israel because someone muscled them into that position through intimidation . They both support Israel because the lobby that wants them to support Israel is an American lobby , made up of people from both parties and all religions and from people with no religion or political party at all . But if Chuck Hagel believes that it 's intimidation and not sound judgment that has caused his colleagues to support Israel , then Chuck Hagel should not be confirmed as our next secretary of defense . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ari Fleischer .	In 2006 , Hagel said ` the Jewish lobby intimidates a lot of people up here ' Ari Fleischer : The support for Israel is n't because of ` intimidation , ' but merit Polls show most Americans view Israel favorably , but do n't support Iran or Palestinians Fleischer : Israel is a steady friend of the U.S. and a tolerant democracy
CNN  -- The pilots of the commercial jetliner that last week overshot its destination by about 150 miles have said they were using their laptops and lost track of time and location , federal safety officials said Monday . The Airbus A320 was flying at 37,000 feet over the Denver , Colorado , area at 5:56 p.m. Wednesday when it last made radio contact , the safety board said . Northwest Flight 188 had departed San Diego en route to Minneapolis-St . Paul International Airport carrying 144 passengers , two pilots and three flight attendants . Northwest recently merged with Delta Air Lines . "  Using laptops or engaging in activity unrelated to the pilots ' command of the aircraft during flight is strictly against the airline 's flight deck policies and violations of that policy will result in termination , " Delta said Monday in a statement . Pilot Timothy B. Cheney , 53 , was hired in 1985 and has more than 20,000 hours flight time ; First Officer Richard I. Cole , 54 , was hired in 1997 and has about 11,000 hours of flight time , the report said . Neither pilot reported having had an accident , incident or violation , neither had any ongoing medical conditions and neither said he was tired , it said . They each had a 19-hour layover in San Diego ; neither said he had slept or argued during the flight , but both said "  there was a distraction " in the cockpit , according to the report . The pilots said there was "  a concentrated period of discussion where they did not monitor the airplane or calls " from air traffic control , though both said they heard conversation on the radio , the report said . Neither pilot said he noticed messages sent by company dispatchers , it added . It said the men were talking about the new monthly crew flight scheduling system put into place in the wake of Northwest 's merger with Delta Air Lines . "  Each pilot accessed and used his personal laptop computer while they discussed the airline crew flight scheduling procedure , " the report said . "  The first officer , who was more familiar with the procedure , was providing instruction to the captain . "  Neither pilot said he was aware of where the plane was until a flight attendant called the cockpit about five minutes before the plane was to have landed and asked their estimated time of arrival , the report said . "  The captain said , at that point , he looked at his primary flight display for an ETA and realized that they had passed " the airport , it added . After 78 minutes of radio silence , the pilots re-established radio contact with air traffic controllers , it said . After landing at Minneapolis-St . Paul , both voluntarily underwent alcohol breath tests , which proved negative , the report said . The safety board said its investigators interviewed the pilots separately Sunday in Minnesota for more than five hours combined . The investigation will include scrutiny of the flight and voice data recorders , it said . An airline spokesman said Monday the company has sent the passengers on the plane $ 500 travel vouchers to compensate them for their inconvenience , and that the pilots have been suspended until the conclusion of the investigations . The NTSB on Monday interviewed the three flight attendants who were on the plane , a spokesman for the Association of Flight Attendants said . The lead flight attendant told officers she was unaware there had been an incident aboard , according to the report . Police who met the wayward jet said the pilots were "  cooperative , apologetic and appreciative . " The NTSB is hoping the plane 's cockpit voice recorder either will confirm the pilot 's account or provide evidence of another possible explanation , including whether the captain and first officer fell asleep . Watch the co-pilot speak The voice recorder is capable of recording only 30 minutes of audio , federal accident investigators said . The plane was in the air for another 45 minutes after radio contact was restored , meaning that if the recorder was working properly , anything the pilots would have said during the time they were n't answering radio calls would have been recorded over . But a former accident investigator said the voice recorder may still provide valuable information , because the pilots could have discussed the earlier events on the way back to Minneapolis after overshooting the airport . The flight data recorder also could prove valuable because it would have recorded actions taken by the pilots during the 78 minutes they did not respond to repeated calls from air traffic controllers , the ex-investigator said . Meanwhile , the North American Aerospace Defense Command , which scrambled fighter jets for the wayward plane but did not launch them , said it was reviewing procedures for launching the fighters to track potentially hijacked or suspicious aircraft . At issue is the Federal Aviation Administration 's apparent delay in notifying NORAD the Northwest jet was not in contact with controllers , according to a senior U.S. official directly familiar with the timeline of the incident . Watch how the military is looking at a possible FAA delay The official , who declined to be identified because the military and the FAA are reviewing the incident , said the FAA 's request for military involvement came after the plane passed the Minneapolis-St . Paul airport . NORAD scrambled fighter jets at two locations . But as they approached the runway for takeoff , the FAA reported being back in contact with the Northwest flight , and the fighters stayed on the ground . "  My real question is why we did not know of the ` radio out ' situation from the FAA sooner , " the official said . "  The FAA is also looking into that . " Since the September 11 , 2001 , attacks , NORAD has regularly launched fighter jets to track aircraft in unusual situations such as when they deviate from flight plans , lose radio contact or enter restricted airspace . According to a second U.S. official , NORAD is in constant contact with the FAA so it can respond when situations arise . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Delta statement : "  Using laptops ... will result in termination " NEW : Pilots have been suspended until investigations conclude Northwest says it 's offering $ 500 travel vouchers to passengers Flight overshot Minneapolis by 150 miles ; Feds interview flight attendants
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece is preparing to sell off billions of dollars worth of state assets including airports , highways and state-owned companies , as well as banks , real estate and gaming licenses , to meet international lenders ' demands that it raise funds . European finance ministers said Sunday that they were on track to give Greece a second huge bailout to keep the government afloat , but reiterated that Athens had to take tough measures to get it . Greece has to raise 50 billion euros  $ 71 billion  through privatization by 2015 , Eurogroup members said . It also has to push through tough budget-cutting measures , they said , despite widespread protests in the country that forced a government reshuffle last week . Prime Minister George Papandreou faces a vote of confidence in his new ministers this week as his party clings to a wafer-thin majority in parliament . Acknowledging the anger in the streets , European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said the moves would bring "  hardships " but were "  long overdue . " "  If there were an easier route out of the crisis , we would have taken it . But there is not , " Barroso said in a written statement after meeting with Papandreou . "  The only way for Greece to return to growth and create jobs in a sustainable way is to restore competitiveness and put its public finances on a solid footing . " Barroso said the "  crucial vote " will be at the end of June , when lawmakers are slated to vote on the privatization plan and further tax increases , pension cuts and layoffs of public workers . "  These choices are not easy , but nor are the problems that need to be addressed , " he said . "  Now is not the time to falter . " Harsh reforms designed to help reduce Greece 's enormous budget deficit have so far led to tax hikes and public-sector job losses alongside already record-high unemployment . Papandreou faces opposition from within his own ruling socialists over the austerity measures needed to secure an additional bailout package . Anti-government protests turned violent Wednesday , as demonstrators threw gasoline bombs at the Finance Ministry and police fired tear gas at protesters , police said . But over the weekend , Papandreou told lawmakers , "  The government must stop spending more than it takes in . " The Greek debt crisis raises concerns for Europe 's currency , the euro . A default on its debts by Greece , or other struggling nations such as Portugal or Ireland , could adversely affect the world economy . European stocks fell in afternoon trading Monday as investors worried the trouble could spread . After meeting with Papandreou , European Council President Herman van Rompuy expressed his "  strong support " for the Greek prime minister 's economic reforms and said he had underlined the need for further efforts . But Van Rompuy noted that "  national consensus " was needed for the package to succeed , "  given the length , magnitude and nature of required reforms . " There are fears that efforts to restructure Greece 's debt could send shock waves through Europe 's banking sector and spark investor panic similar to that in the 2008 collapse of Lehman Brothers , the U.S.-based global investment bank . On June 9 , the Cabinet approved a tough five-year plan for 2011-15 and introduced a bill in Parliament to put austerity measures into effect . The government proposes reducing the public-sector workforce by 150,000 ; workers will also face changes in working hours , practices and wages , and the plan also sets out changes to social benefits , including pensions and unemployment aid . According to the Finance Ministry , these measures will help achieve 28.3 billion euros  $ 40.5 billion  in cuts from 2012 to 2015 , and shrink Greece 's public deficit to less than 3 % of gross domestic product , in accordance with the EU target . The government has said the passage of these additional measures is essential to Greece 's securing the fifth portion of the original 110 billion-euro  $ 158 billion  bailout package that Greece signed with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund last year to prevent the country from defaulting on its debts . CNN 's Diana Magnay and journalist Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report .	NEW : European Council president says a national consensus is needed Airports , highways , banks and more are for sale as Greece tries to raise billions of euros Euro zone ministers say new loans are contingent on Greece raising money through privatization Talks on a second bailout package follow three weeks of street protests and political upheaval
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- They could probably smell him coming for miles . Circus performers Andrea and Daniel Raffo with their son , Davian . "  Breakfast , boys , " Daniel Raffo proclaimed as his cats jumped with excitement in their cages . Raffo set down his wheelbarrow , filled with Grade A beef . Using a pitchfork , he fed his Bengal tigers . It 's the morning ritual at Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus . Raffo is the show 's tiger trainer . He 's a fifth-generation circus performer from Argentina . On this morning , the show awakes in Miami , Florida . "  You get up in the morning ; you wash the animal , clean it up ; you feed them , then you play with them a bit , " Raffo said . "  And then during the day , you spend some time with your family . " He lives in a trailer with his family so he can stay close to the tigers . He , wife Andrea and son Davian are all on a two-year tour with Ringling Bros. . But why would anyone live on the road like this , with a 4-year-old ? Andrea is also part of the circus , performing an aerial ballet , hanging by her hair high above the crowds , just like her mother and grandmother , who taught her the act . "  I can finish my act and then go up and see my son , so it 's good , 'cause we 're always together , " Andrea Ayala Raffo said . The Raffos keep a home in Florida but are rarely there . "  Home is actually my trailer , when we travel , and have dinner every night and watch TV . That 's really my home , " Andrea Raffo said . And these lives on wheels come with real family needs . Just outside Section 405 at Miami 's American Airlines arena , across from the Mexi-go Taqueria and Nacho Time food stands , school is in session . Jonathan Leiss is a licensed teacher with the circus . He uses a nationally recognized home-schooling curriculum . He pitches a one-room schoolhouse in every city where the show pitches its tent , for all of the school-age children of the circus . School is open five days a week . He teaches all the subjects , and every one of his students gets personal attention . "  I would describe it as a rigorous curriculum , " he said . "  We do n't want to allow anything to slip through the cracks because we 're traveling . This is a real school . " Leiss added , "  If I was teaching in a public high school , I could have 120 students . That 's a lot less opportunity to really address what each student needs . " Katherine Stuart is one of the students . The 8-year-old is growing up quickly , surrounded by circus people from 32 countries . One of the performers is teaching her Spanish . She says she likes to wash the elephants , and she loves the travel . "  You can see all these different places and what it looks like , and I also wanted to know what each state looked like , so I get to do it , " she said . Katherine 's dad is Mike Stuart , the general manager . With his wife , Mary , and son Tylar , 3 , he hits about 36 cities a year . When CNN arrived at his temporary office at the Miami arena , Katherine was reading with Mike . Tylar was with Mom , playing a "  Blues Clues " game on the computer . "  This is a 24/7 job , so I make time pretty much every day to sit with my kids , go out with my kids , " Mike Stuart said . The Stuarts , like most of the 350 circus members , live on a train , with all of a home 's amenities . But finding a park or a playground is a must for them . "  I have a house in Massachusetts . I probably see it once a year , maybe for a week or two , " Stuart said . "  But , more or less , we travel on the train . It 's year-round , basically . ... So really , home is wherever the circus takes me . " One disadvantage is that the kids do not have a lot of friends to play with . But the family is always together . "  I think there 's a lot of people who travel for their jobs , that are not fortunate enough to travel with family , where this job allows us to be able to do that , " Mary Stuart said . The Stuarts believe that their lives and the lives of their children have been enhanced by the real-world learning experiences . "  Instead of just reading it in books , they 're going to see these things , and to me , that 's more fulfilling , " Mike Stuart explained . Citing privacy reasons , the circus did not allow CNN to see the train . With any traveling family , there will inevitably be spiritual needs . Sister Dorothy Fabritze is a full-time circus worker and Catholic nun who holds religion classes , working across cultures , sharing the circus lifestyle . "  I saw that these people needed to find that they too were a parish , that they too were a community , " she explained . "  We can support and walk with each other in this journey that we call life . " Fabritze arranges for clergy to visit the circus weekly . She 's a former missionary who spent 16 years in Papua New Guinea . Here , she says , she hopes to be a biblical presence amid the glitzy backdrop and colorful characters , from acrobats to clowns to animal trainers . "  Some come asking for Bible study . We 'll do that . Some come forward and say , ` My child needs the sacrament , with confession and communion . Can you help me ? ' Of course I can , " she explained . For about two years , Fabritze also worked backstage , opening and closing the curtain between acts , for 800 shows in two years . She remembers those times as "  God moments . " "  They knew that I 'd be there , and they would just come over and in the darkened area just talk to me about whatever they wanted to talk , and wonderful things happened . Wonderful spiritual things happened , just because I was there , " she said . And although things may sometimes seem , quite literally , a bit upside down here , it 's just life under the big top at the greatest show on Earth .	Dad is a tiger tamer , Mom hangs by her hair , and they travel with son Life with a traveling circus includes one-room school and religious classes Circus general manager and family travel to 36 cities each year Parents say children learn from traveling , meeting workers from other countries
New York  CNN  A New York City police officer has been indicted in the death of Akai Gurley , an unarmed man shot and killed in a Brooklyn housing project in November , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation has told CNN . The charges against Officer Peter Liang were not revealed Tuesday . Gurley , 28 , was "  a total innocent who just happened " to run into Liang in a "  pitch black " stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters the day after the killing . At the time , the NYPD said the fatal shot was an "  accidental discharge . " Liang , with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status , had been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation . "  This officer deserves the same due process afforded to anyone involved in the accidental death of another , " Patrick Lynch , head of the police union , said in a Tuesday statement . "  The fact the he was assigned to patrol one most dangerous housing projects in New York City must be considered among the circumstances of this tragic accident . " Liang 's attorney declined comment . Scott Rynecki , an attorney for Kimberly Ballinger , Gurley 's domestic partner and mother of their child , said , "  She is at this point feeling that this is the first step in the fight for justice for this wrongful and reckless shooting . " In a statement , Mayor Bill de Blasio said , "  It has been reported that a Brooklyn grand jury has acted in this case . No matter the specific charges , this case is an unspeakable tragedy for the Gurley family . We urge everyone to respect the judicial process as it unfolds . " Liang and his partner were part of a "  violence reduction overtime detail " at the Pink Houses , where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months , including two robberies and four assaults , Bratton told reporters after the shooting . The officers had taken an elevator to the building 's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the 8th floor , Bratton said , when the officer discharged the weapon . There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof . Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "  for safety reasons , " the police commissioner said . The other officer did not draw his gun . In the darkened stairwell , Liang 's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley , the father of a 2-year-old child , and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing , Bratton said . Shot once in the chest , Gurley died at a hospital . The lights on the seventh and eighth floors were not working , Bratton said . The police commissioner said the decision on when to draw a weapon is the discretion of officers "  based on what they are encountering or believe they may encounter . So there is not a specific prohibition against taking a firearm out . But again , as in all cases , an officer would have to justify the circumstances that required him to or resulted in unholstering his firearm . " The shooting also is being investigated by police internal affairs . "  This is a tragic situation , " de Blasio told reporters after the shooting . "  It does appear to have been a very tragic accident . " The Brooklyn District Attorney 's Office had no comment on the indictment , but District Attorney Ken Thompson , in a statement days after the incident , called the shooting "  deeply troubling . " Gurley 's shooting occurred at a time of strained police/community relations after the July death of Eric Garner at the hands of police on Staten Island . The chokehold death of the unarmed 43-year-old man sparked street protests , a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . A grand jury declined to prosecute the officer . A few weeks after Garner 's death , the police shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , of unarmed teenager Michael Brown thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force . A grand jury declined to prosecute Officer Darren Wilson , a decision that led to national demonstrations .	Charges against Officer Peter Liang are not revealed Akai Gurley , 28 , was shot and killed at a Brooklyn housing project in November
CNN  -- The Dallas Zoo has two new cheetah cubs . And the big cats have their own puppy to help them shape up . The cubs , Winspear and Kamau , are part of the zoo 's program to create awareness about endangered African animals . Zoo officials believe the Labrador retriever will keep the cubs in line as they grow up away from the wilderness . "  Zoological experts have found that because dogs are naturally comfortable in public settings , Amani will provide a calming influence for the cubs , as well as another playmate as they grow to adulthood , " the zoo said in a statement . In a tribute to its role , the puppy is named Amani , which is Swahili for peace . Cheetahs are an endangered species . Their numbers are estimated to be about 10,000 in the wild , the zoo said . Winspear and Kamau were born in July at the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute in Front Royal , Virginia . Their puppy companion is about the same age . Before their new adventure , a team from the zoo spent nearly two weeks in Virginia bonding with the cubs . "  It is a thrill to be able to tell the story about cheetah conservation and to educate Dallas Zoo guests about this magnificent species , " said Sean Green , vice president of Guest Experiences for the Dallas Zoo . "  Winspear and Kamau will become important animal ambassadors for the Dallas Zoo , building appreciation and awareness about cheetahs to more than 900,000 visitors each year . " The balls of fur will not be small forever . When fully grown , they weigh about 140 pounds and stand 3 feet tall . A cheetah is the world 's fastest land mammal , and can go from 0 to 60 mph  96 kph  in three seconds . Other zoos have coupled cheetahs with dogs , including the San Diego Zoo , which has been pairing pups with big cats for years . "  Not just any dog would do . We needed one with personality , composure and pizzazz. , " the San Diego Zoo says on its website . In such couplings , it says , the dog is the leader .	Zoo : Puppy will be a calming influence as the cubs grow up away from the wilderness The Labrador retriever will play alongside the cubs Cheetahs are an endangered species , with about 10,000 left
N'Djamena , Chad  CNN  -- After spending years of working in neighboring Libya , the last place Daoud Mohammed wants to be right now is back to his home in Chad , the landlocked country in central Africa . With no work and few opportunities , he is worried about his and his family 's future in Chad 's capital N'Djamena . "  To survive I had to be away -- though my family was here in Chad -- because there is nothing for me to do here , " says Mohammed . He is one of the tens of thousands of Chadians who fled last year 's fighting in Libya and are now back in their homeland . "  I do n't have any skills , I do n't have any qualifications and the rainy seasons here do n't come often enough , so we ca n't cultivate , " adds Mohammed , who used to work on construction sites in Libya . Like Mohammed , around 300,000 Chadians made their living in Libya , often filling a gap at the lower end of the labor market , working in oil fields and construction sites . Read more : The Africans looking to make it in China Many of them would send money back home to their families , providing a lifeline for a country where the majority live on less than $ 2 a day . The remittances helped kick-start Chad 's otherwise largely stagnant economy but this was brought to a halt last year after the revolution against Moammar Gadhafi 's autocratic rule also forced thousands of Chadians out of the country . The world focused on the uprising and the war in Libya , but from the onset other Africans were targeted . Mohammed says a group of armed revolutionaries stormed his compound in Benghazi , accusing some 300 Chadian workers of supporting Gafdhafi . "  I do n't know why they attacked me . I am just a laborer and I do n't care about politics or governments , I just do n't know why they did this to me , " says Mohammed . Fellow Chadian Tidjani Ali Mohamed , who worked as a skilled plasterer in Libya , says he spent months in a Tripoli prison where Africans from many other countries were also held . "  They forced me to confess that I worked with Gadhafi . But since I did not work with Gadhafi I just kept saying that I did n't so they just kept on beating me , " he says . "  It was constant suffering -- they treated me so badly , they beat me all the time and I did n't know if I would die today or tomorrow . " The International Organization for Migration  IOM  negotiated with the Transitional Council in Libya to get the Chadians and other Africans out in a highly sensitive evacuation operation . In the end , they brought some 90,000 people back to Chad . See more : Is narcotic khat funding terrorism ? Though foreigners did play some part in fighting as mercenaries for Gadhafi during the bloody Libyan war , the IOM and local leaders in Chad say the vast majority of Chadians , like Mohammed , were working to send remittances home . "  Libya was always a rich country , they have lots of oil , and therefore there are work opportunities , " says local leader Sultan Al Sadiq Al Bashir . "  Whoever goes there , even without education , will find something to do . Being a laborer , or working in agriculture , or in construction , there are always opportunities over there . " Chadian economist and former finance minister Ali Abderahman Hagar says the return of the migrant workers has had a deep impact on the country 's economy . "  We welcomed 100,000 people who contributed to Libya 's development but returned empty-handed , " says Hagar , who now runs the Graduate School of Finance in Chad . "  It is difficult to feed one person here in Chad , so to feed 100,000 more without having planned for them is dramatic , " he adds . "  We have n't received enough support from international states , we have in some way become victims of the war in Libya , even if a few Chadians are in mourning of Gadhafi 's death . " Like Libya , Chad has significant oil reserves . The resource was supposed to be the savior of the country 's economy but people say they 've yet to reap any rewards from it . "  For 10 years we have seen no benefit from the oil , nothing at all , " says Al Bashir . "  People are still poor , people need a lot of things , and the oil is not doing anything for the people . " Opinion : Can Kenya avoid Africa 's resource curse ? Chad , which has been ruled by Idriss Deby since 1990 , has been ranked by Transparency International as one of the most corrupt countries in the world . Its industrial output is also minimal , while its agricultural sector has been hit by successive droughts . Despite some recent reforms , state safety nets are almost non-existent , leaving returning migrants to fend for themselves . Thrown out of Libya and with few opportunities at home in Chad , many of them now believe they 've become a burden on the people they once supported . "  Now we have to beg for food and the local community gives us some food and that 's how we survive -- we have nothing else , " says Mohammed .	Chad 's economy has been badly hit by last year 's conflict in neighboring Libya Thousands of Chadians lived in Libya and sent remittances back to their families Some 90,000 people returned to Chad after the revolution against Gadhafi 's regime Many of their families no longer have a regular source of income
CNN  -- May 25 , National Missing Children 's Day , is a day on which we honor and remember missing children . This date was chosen specifically because it is the date in 1979 when 6-year-old Etan Patz went missing on his way to school in New York . The Patz case has resurfaced as a result of some potential new leads and an arrest that hopefully will result in the case finally being solved . I have the greatest respect and empathy for the parents of Etan , who are going through what is clearly one of the greatest nightmares any parent can experience -- never again seeing and not knowing what happened to one 's own child . Just as the Lindbergh case in the 1930s became a landmark case for increased national awareness concerning ransom kidnapping , the Patz case became a landmark case for increased national awareness concerning "  stranger abduction . " Each of these cases played a major role in creating laws , but they also fueled some confusing stereotypes . When I joined the FBI in 1970 and someone talked about child abduction , you immediately assumed it was a ransom-motivated case . In less than 20 years , the attitude drastically changed to almost immediately assuming any child abduction involved a sexual predator . Either assumption is obviously not always correct . Because of his young age and other case factors , it can be reasonably assumed that Etan was most likely abducted . However , children can be missing for a wide variety of reasons  e.g. , runaway , lost or injured , benign episode , family abduction  other than nonfamily abduction . Children can also be abducted by nonfamily members for a variety of reasons  e.g. , to solve a personal problem , ransom/profit , to kill , miscellaneous criminal activity , political  other than sexual gratification . Most missing children are not abducted and most abducted children are not missing . The typical child abduction is a relatively brief event in which the child is usually returned before anyone had time to note the child was missing . The best research data we have indicate that only a very small percentage of missing children were abducted by a nonfamily member . Of these cases , most of the abducted children were teenagers . And of the nonfamily-abducted children , almost all of them were returned alive and relatively uninjured a short time later . Understanding that the terms missing and abducted are not synonymous and interchangeable is important in awareness and prevention efforts . In addition , sexually motivated nonfamily abduction is probably the only aspect of sexual victimization of children that people think occurs more often than it actually does . People tend to underestimate the likelihood that a family member or trusted acquaintance will sexually victimize their child , but overestimate the likelihood of stranger abduction . I am aware of no research that indicates that children today are any more likely to be abducted by sexual predators than they were 50 years ago . Many adults love to reminisce about an idealistic childhood during which they did not lock their doors and could play outside with no fear of abduction , but believe that today they can not let their children out of their sight . However , nonfamily members abduct less than a few hundred children each year in a manner that fits our stereotypical image of an abducted and missing child . The danger of sexual victimization of children comes predominantly from family members and acquaintances , not strangers . On this important day , we should remember the reality of missing children such as Etan Patz , but not at the expense of ignoring or misunderstanding other types of victimization of our children . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kenneth V. Lanning .	May 25 is National Missing Children 's Day , chosen because of Etan Patz Kenneth Lanning : Children can be missing for a wide variety of reasons He says most missing children are not abducted , most abducted children are not missing Lanning : Awareness about missing vs. abducted children will help prevention efforts
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Chiquita Brands International faces a $ 7.86 billion lawsuit filed Wednesday on behalf of nearly 400 Colombian families who say the company should be held responsible for the "  torture and murder " of their loved ones . With a map of alleged victims , Jonathan Reiter makes his case Wednesday at a New York news conference . Attorney Jonathan Reiter said his clients are seeking "  damages for terrorism , war crimes ... and wrongful death . " The plaintiffs are asking for $ 10 million in compensatory damages and $ 10 million in punitive damages for each of the 393 victims named in the suit . Earlier this year , Chiquita , as part of a plea agreement , admitted that what it called protection payments had been given to Autodefensas Unidas de Colombia , or AUC . AUC was named a terrorist organization by the United States in 2002 , making it a crime to give them money . The lawsuit alleges Chiquita 's interaction with the paramilitary group went further than the payments -- it accuses the company of facilitating shipments of arms to the group . "  They conspired with the AUC , aided and abetted them in a far-reaching conspiracy and plan to control every aspect of banana growing , distribution and sale , " Reiter said . The attorney said one couple refused to sell their banana farm "  for pennies " and were killed by AUC in 2001 , and other murder victims had been directed to "  sell their bananas only to Chiquita . " The families filing the suit will remain anonymous because of fear of reprisals in their home country , he said . "  The principle upon which this lawsuit is brought is that when you put money into the hands of terrorists , when you put guns into the hands of terrorists , then you are legally responsible for the atrocities , the murders and the tortures that those terrorists commit , " Reiter said . Responding to the allegations Wednesday afternoon , the company said , "  Chiquita Brands International categorically denies the allegations made by these attorneys . We reiterate that Chiquita and its employees were victims and that the actions taken by the company were always motivated to protect the lives of our employees and their families . " Chiquita 's director of communications , Michael Mitchell , went on to say , "  Our company had been forced to make protection payments to safeguard our workforce . It is absolutely untrue for anyone to suggest that these payments were made for any other purpose . " Mitchell said the company will fight the allegations . "  Chiquita has already been the victim of extortion in Colombia . We will not allow ourselves to become extortion victims in the United States . " In the March plea agreement , Chiquita Brands International agreed to pay a $ 25 million fine for the payments made by the company 's former banana-producing subsidiary in Colombia . During a government investigation , the company admitted to making payments to AUC even after outside counsel told the company those payments were illegal and should stop immediately . E-mail to a friend	Attorney : Clients allege terrorism , war crimes , wrongful death , seek $ 7.86 billion Plaintiffs want $ 20 million in damages for each of 393 victims named in suit Chiquita admits paying a group that the U.S. labeled a terrorist organization Company "  categorically denies " attorneys ' allegations , says it will fight them
CNN  -- "  7th Heaven " star Stephen Collins has admitted to inappropriate sexual contact with three female minors , People reports . The actor released a statement to the publication in light of child molestation accusations that arose in the midst of his divorce proceedings . Collins was the subject of reports in October after his wife , Faye Grant , said he admitted to her he molested three underage girls . TMZ posted an audio recording that was alleged to have been made during a November 2012 therapy session involving Collins and his wife during which he made incriminating statements . Stephen Collins ' estranged wife says there 's no extortion attempt The incidents reportedly happened between 1973 and 1994 . In the statement he released to People , Collins said "  I have not had an impulse to act out in any such way " in the past 20 years . "  Forty years ago , I did something terribly wrong that I deeply regret , " he says in the statement . "  I have been working to atone for it ever since . I 've decided to address these issues publicly because two months ago , various news organizations published a recording made by my then-wife , Faye Grant , during a confidential marriage therapy session in January , 2012 . This session was recorded without the therapist 's or my knowledge or consent . " Collins was known for his clean-cut image in Hollywood and played a pastor and beloved father on the hit show "  7th Heaven . " He 's avoided the limelight since the accusations were made public . Who is Stephen Collins ? Now Collins is speaking out . "  On the recording , I described events that took place 20 , 32 , and 40 years ago , " Collins says in his statement . "  The publication of the recording has resulted in assumptions and innuendos about what I did that go far beyond what actually occurred . As difficult as this is , I want people to know the truth . " Collins said he has struggled over whether to apologize directly to the women who were involved . "  I did have an opportunity to do so with one of the women , 15 years later , " he says . "  I apologized and she was extraordinarily gracious . But after I learned in the course of my treatment that my being direct about such matters could actually make things worse for them by opening old wounds , I have not approached the other two women , one of whom is now in her 50s and the other in her 30s . " In addition to the lengthy statement that People will publish in its issue Friday , the 67-year-old actor is scheduled for an interview with Yahoo Global news anchor Katie Couric that will be streamed on that site and aired on ABC 's "  20/20 . " Collins and Grant are still in the midst of their divorce proceedings .	Stephen Collins releases a statement to People about sexual contact with minors He says he 's been working to atone for what he did The actor also will be interviewed by Katie Couric
CNN  -- Mary Lee has logged more than 16,000 miles in the past two years . She 's been to Florida , Bermuda and Cape Cod . She 's not a beach bum , though . Mary Lee is a 3,456-pound great white shark . You would n't want to run into her in the surf , but you can follow her on Twitter and track her movements online . She 's one of five great white sharks along the East Coast of the United States that is actively "  pinging " her location via satellite transmitter . An online map tracks the sharks ' courses as they go , so you can see nearly real-time data . But there 's no coast-is-clear guarantee for fearful late-summer swimmers . The trackers only ping when the animals surface , and sharks do n't have to surface to breathe . And of course there are more than five out there . So , if the recent shark-kayaker encounter or shark sightings in Massachusetts have you worried , your best bet is to look at the stats , shark trackers say . And use common sense . "  Do n't go play with the seals in the water at dawn or dusk . Other than that , enjoy life , go swimming . Because if you 're worried about a shark interaction , you should be scared to death to get in the car , " says Chris Fischer , founder and expedition leader of Ocearch , the research and educational nonprofit that tagged and tracks Mary Lee and other sharks . In 2013 , there were 72 shark attacks worldwide , according to the International Shark Attack File . Of those , 10 were fatal . There were 47 attacks in the United States in 2013 , with one fatality in Hawaii . Compare that with more than 33,000 fatal vehicle crashes in the United States in 2012 , the last full year for which figures are available . In the first half of 2013 , more than 15,000 motor vehicle traffic fatalities are estimated , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . "  If you 're the kind of person who 's scared of sharks and wants to know if there 's one around you , there 's no technology for that , " says Gregory Skomal , a biologist with Massachusetts ' Division of Marine Fisheries who has tagged sharks with Ocearch . Still , the GPS transmitters with wet-dry switches that are activated when the sharks surface provide a pretty interesting picture . On Ocearch 's online tracker you can see each shark 's tangle of pings over several years , tracing their movements over thousands of miles . Skomal has been researching sharks for more than 25 years and has teamed up with Fischer and Ocearch three times in the past few years to tag great whites along the East Coast . He 's tracking Mary Lee , Lydia , Katharine , Genie and Betsy . Lydia is a real world traveler . "  Lydia is an exciting shark . Lydia makes it look like Mary Lee is a real homebody , " Skomal said . Lydia was tagged in March 2013 and has already logged more than 25,000 miles . Over the last six years , Skomal has tagged more than 40 great white sharks using various tracking devices . The five tagged with Ocearch provide real-time tracking , while other trackers offer data after they detach from the shark . Fischer , who is not a biologist , has led more than 20 research expeditions with scientists around the world since 2007 , tagging about 80 great white sharks in total . Ocearch gathers data and tags sharks and other marine predators by taking them out of the water for about 15 minutes using a custom lift . That ability to lift sharks weighing thousands of pounds out of the water to attach tags that track their movements in real-time is what distinguishes Ocearch , Skomal says . Some of the sharks also have Twitter accounts . "  Every time a shark decides to set up its own Twitter account , it 's not really up to us . We do n't decide that , " says Fischer . It 's a personality thing , he joked . Mary Lee tweets occasionally , while Katharine , who 's in her late teens , is a "  chatterbox " with more than 16,000 followers . The real identity of the tweeters is a mystery . "  People were inspired to give these sharks voices , and we do n't know who they are , " Fischer said . Fischer credits the publicly shared shark tracker and the power of social media with helping to change the tone of the conversation around sharks . After all , they 're king of the sea , and the marine ecosystem depends on them . One-ton shark headed to Texas coast What devoured this great white shark ?	Real-time shark tracker shows movements of great white sharks Five great whites are actively pinging their locations off the East Coast Pings are activated when the sharks surface , so movements are logged erratically
CNN  -- Legendary gossip columnist Liz Smith is confirming the latest buzz : She 's been laid off from the New York Post . Legendary gossip columnist Liz Smith , 86 , has been a fixture of New York tabloids for more than three decades . Confronted with "  economic gales , " New York Post Editor Col Allan said in a letter sent to Smith that the newspaper would not renew her contract , which expires at the end of the month . "  The Post is grateful to have been able to publish Liz Smith 's legendary column for so many years . We wish her the very best for the future , " Allan said in a statement Tuesday . In an interview with CNN affiliate WABC-TV in New York , Smith noted that Friday "  will be the first time in 33 years that there has n't been a Liz Smith column in a New York paper . " "  That hurts my heart . I would hate to see another newspaper fail . ... When I came to New York , there were nine newspapers . I 've worked for seven of them . They just disappear out from under you , " she added . Often referred to as the "  Diva of Dish , " the 86-year-old Smith has been a presence in New York tabloids for more than three decades . She 's written for the New York Post , New York Daily News and Newsday . Smith was also a fixture on local television , appearing on WNBC-TV for more than 10 years . In 2000 , she published a memoir , "  Natural Blonde , " and wrote a nonfiction work in 2005 combining food and gossip , "  Dishing . " Though her titillating and often penetrating look at the New York social scene may be gone from tabloid pages , Smith will continue to publish , writing five times a week for wowOwow.com , an online community created and run by women for women . In an online statement , WowOwow.com co-founder Joni Evans said that Smith will begin posting next week .	For first time in 33 years on Friday , Liz Smith column wo n't be in a New York paper Letter cites "  economic gales " in decision not to renew contract "  We wish her the very best for the future , " says New York Post Editor Col Allan Smith will write five times a week for Web site wowOwow.com
CNN Student News  -- April 27 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Liberia & Sierra Leone Netherlands California Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- Vice President Joe Biden has been the topic of much discussion this past week as to whether he was playing racial politics in what has become the "  chains speech " in Danville , Virginia . Commentators , political pundits , politicians and academics have weighed in . But through all of the hoopla , it is important to probe the statement that preceded Biden saying to the audience at the Institute for Advanced Learning and Research : "  They 're going to put y' all back in chains . " Here is Biden 's full statement from the speech : "  Mitt  Romney wants to let -- he said in the first hundred days , he 's going to let the big banks once again write their own rules . ` Unchain Wall Street . ' They 're going to put y' all back in chains . " Knock yourself out focusing on the racial implications of what Biden had to say . Because when I look at the number of Americans still underwater because of the dastardly things that took place in the housing market ; when I look at the number of banks that took billions in federal funds supposedly to provide credit to Americans , only to use it to shore up their balance sheets ; and when I look at the banking industry fighting tooth and nail to prevent future regulations , that to me is far more vital to determining who we should cast our vote for in November . Neil Barofsky , The independent watchdog appointed to investigate the TARP program , wrote in his book , "  Bailout : An Inside Account of How Washington Abandoned Main Street While Rescuing Wall Street , " that the federal government committed $ 23.7 trillion in various initiatives to save the financial industry . Yes , $ 23.7 trillion . Not all was spent , but that figure begins to get at the depth at which Wall Street had devastated this country with its reckless behavior . Mitt Romney , who made his millions in private equity , is most certainly the guy Wall Street is betting big on . Millions are flowing into his coffers from Wall Street because he has made it clear that he is going to pretty much say , "  Gents , it 's business as usual ! " We could have some faith in his vice presidential pick , U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin , who has talked openly about reinstating the Glass-Steagall Act , which was enacted in 1933 to protect Americans by preventing commercial banks from also being investment banks . Yet it was the repeal in 1999 of that important law 's restrictions , a repeal led by Republican Sen. Phil Gramm , of Texas . and signed by Democratic President Bill Clinton , that is largely to blame for the current crisis . Far too few banks are in control of far too much of the nation 's money , and when the shameful and evil ways they make money end up almost collapsing the economy , taxpayers are left to bail them out . Ryan voted for repeal on Glass-Steagall in 1999 , but is on the record recently as saying Glass-Steagall should return . But the man at the top of the ticket is n't so sure , which means that Ryan will have to keep his thoughts to himself . Romney and Ryan are in lockstep in disagreeing with the passage of the Dodd-Frank law , which was supposed to reform the banking industry , and that should cause many of us to be cautious as to why . Let 's be clear : Dodd-Frank is not a perfect bill . The financial lobby was successful at stripping away some of the toughest provisions of the law , and former Connecticut Democratic Sen. Christopher Dodd was too willing to do their bidding . Democrats and Republicans are to blame for that , but at least the law is an effort to get Wall Street to clean up its act . Romney seems to want Wall Street to keep doing what it 's been doing , offering no specifics on what kinds of regulations should be imposed to put it in check . He definitely wants to repeal Dodd-Frank , but wo n't say what he 'll replace it with . When J.P. Morgan announced it lost $ 3 billion a few months ago , Romney essentially shrugged his shoulders and said that 's the free market enterprise for you . But when that free market enterprise results in our economy almost collapsing , resulting in Wall Street needing more than a trillion dollars of infusion from the American taxpayer and the Federal Reserve , it sure is n't free to us . Far too many banks have been horrible at working with the millions of homeowners who face foreclosure , as evidence by stories done by many reporters , including CNN 's Jessica Yellin Romney ? Nothing . Go to www.mittromney.com and see if you find anything confronting the housing crisis . Nada . Nothing . Zip . Judging by the voting record of Ryan in the House , we surely ca n't expect him to work to change Romney 's mind . Ryan was one of only 64 House members to vote against a law requiring credit card companies to notify cardholders they were going to raise their interest rates  it passed  . He voted no on a bill to allow the Treasury Department to offer $ 300 billion in loans to community banks to assist small businesses  it passed  . He voted yes to strip the Consumer Financial Protect Agency of some of its toughest rules , instead wanting to soften it up  it failed  . And he voted yes on a bill that delayed for a year new regulations on the kind of derivatives that created the financial mess we 're in right now  it passed  . It is clear that Wall Street does n't care about American consumers , except to keep them shackled in debt through sky high credit card balances , thus allowing the financial industry to make billions off the high interest rates . Bankers fought hard to keep hitting account holders with hidden fees , again lining their pockets . And they sure as heck are n't doing enough to stabilize the housing market by drawing down principals and placing a moratorium on foreclosures . So we should recognize Romney 's recipe of ideas as a disaster for consumers and a boon for Wall Street . You can be angry all you want about Biden 's chains comments , but you better be just as upset if we have to go through another financial calamity like we did in 2008 when Wall Street ran amok and took us for suckers in an effort to tap into our pocketbooks again , courtesy of the U.S. Treasury . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin : In context Biden 's "  chains " comments make sense , are about banking industry He says out-of-control banks caused housing collapse , took bailout money from taxpayers He says Romney will continue business as usual with financial industry , opposes controls Martin : Wall Street does n't care about U.S. consumers , except to keep them shackled in debt
The escalation in recent days of eastern Congo 's brutal war demonstrates that unless its root causes are addressed in a broader peace process , violence could intensify and Rwanda could be drawn more directly into the fray , regionalizing the war . Over the past week , Congo 's army has nearly militarily defeated the most powerful rebel group , the M23 . Rwanda has threatened to strike Congo in retaliation for what it claims was shelling on its territory by Congo 's army . M23 may soon be a spent force militarily , but many other armed groups are still active and could replace it as major destabilizers of eastern Congo unless the root causes of the war are addressed . Recently suspended talks in Uganda only involve the Congolese government and M23 , and address none of the underlying political , economic , or security drivers of violence that have created the deadliest conflict globally since World War II . Corrupt governance , intercommunal divisions and illegal exploitation of lucrative natural resources allow the Congolese army and a host of predatory militias to operate with impunity . But the most important factor in ending mass violence is the Congo-Rwanda relationship and the economic and security interests that underlie it . The fates of Rwanda and Congo are deeply intertwined . The aftermath of the Rwandan genocide spilled over into Congo in the mid-1990s , acting like gasoline on the fire of preexisting ethnic tensions , localized conflict and state collapse . Since then , Rwanda 's periodic direct intervention and support for armed groups in eastern Congo have been central drivers of continuing conflict . Remarkably , however , no major international peace initiative has comprehensively analyzed and addressed Rwanda 's core interests as part of a solution . Rwandan security interests in Congo center on containing the threat posed by the Congo-based armed group , the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda  FDLR  , whose leaders participated in the 1994 genocide against Rwandan Tutsis . Congo 's army has at times supported the FDLR . The Rwandan government , which defeated the regime that committed the genocide , believes that as long as the FDLR is in Congo with supporters around the world motivated by a genocidal ideology , it represents a threat . Rwanda also has economic interests in Congo in natural resources , land and cross-border trade . Rwanda has its own domestic minerals sector but benefited significantly from smuggled conflict minerals from Congo -- in particular tin , tantalum , and tungsten -- for several years . According to numerous U.N. investigative reports , some Rwandan traders have relabeled Congolese minerals as Rwandan and exported them . Rwanda is reliant on the minerals trade to reduce its significant balance of trade deficit . Widely divergent opinions focus on Rwandan President Paul Kagame . Supporters cite his ending the 1994 genocide and tout the country 's dramatic economic recovery since then , but are uncritical of Rwanda 's role in Congo or the lack of internal political freedom . Critics focus only on its destructive behavior in Congo and repressive policies at home but overlook the progress Rwanda has made in other spheres . The "  11 +4 Framework " for a peace initiative signed by all the governments in the region provides a new window to address the core causes of the conflict and involve civil society . The appointments of Mary Robinson and Russ Feingold as U.N. and U.S. envoys , respectively , further improve the odds . The primary key to ending the violence is changing the economic incentives from war to peace and addressing regional security threats . This in no way diminishes the urgent need for political reforms in Kigali , Kinshasa , and elsewhere in the region , as well as the importance of placing targeted sanctions against any officials supporting armed groups , combating spoiler militias like the FDLR and M23 by buttressing the U.N. Intervention Brigade 's capacities and prosecuting war crimes . But the most promising opportunity for peace is in the economic interdependence between Congo and Rwanda . The perceived zero-sum nature of Rwanda 's interests that help fuel the war has to be transformed for the war to end . If the mineral sector alone was developed by serious investment in conflict-free , transparent semi-industrial and industrial mining , and the artisanal trade was more formalized with better equipment and fair-trade small-scale mining , there would be a greatly expanded economic pie for the entire region . Instead of the current fighting over surface-level minerals left to armed smugglers , there could be exponentially larger revenues for both countries and wealth-building opportunities for Congolese communities from the deeper mines in a legal , peaceful trade . The envoys can help by pressing to finalize the regional minerals certification process and asking the World Bank to accelerate its regional infrastructure programs . Rwanda and Congo can grow together if Rwanda becomes a gateway for international businesses to invest in Congo 's natural resource sector , while attracting investors on the basis of good roads , electricity , transparent business regulations and banking institutions . Singapore grew similarly by attracting investors interested in neighboring Indonesia 's and Malaysia 's natural resources . All three countries benefited tremendously from this arrangement : Malaysia , Indonesia , and Singapore are now all in the top 20 % of world economies . Congo and Rwanda may not be top 20 candidates soon , but a peaceful sub-region would be a good start .	Authors : Unless root causes are addressed , violence will intensify in Congo They say the key is to focus on Rwanda 's role in the war Agreement that involves Rwanda would go far to bring peace , aid economies , they say
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . A man from Honduras reads in an "  English As A Second Language " class in Miami , Florida . According to the U.S. Census Bureau 's 2006 American Community Survey , approximately 80 percent -- or 223.2 million people -- of Americans use only English at home . The remaining 20 percent -- 55.8 million people -- speak a language other than English . Add the millions of tourists visiting the country each year and you have a huge demand for workers who can communicate in more than one language . Thankfully , bilingual workers come to the rescue . In almost every line of work the ability to speak a second language makes you a valuable asset . Any job that requires you to interact with customers -- either in person , on the phone or online -- can use your knowledge of a second  or third  language . Think about it : Every additional customer you can speak with not only improves his or her experience but also brings in revenue to your employer . The states with the largest percentage of citizens speaking a language other than English at home are California , New Mexico , Texas , New York and Arizona . Spanish is by far the most popular non-English language spoken at home with roughly 34 million speakers nationwide . Still , there are millions of people speaking other languages -- including French , German , Mandarin , Arabic and lesser known languages -- that also benefit from bilingual workers . If you speak more than one language or have thought about learning a second one , here are some industries and jobs where your skills will come in handy . Industry : Health care Why : Patients visiting emergency rooms and doctor 's offices come from all walks of life . In fact , America 's reputation as a leader in medicine attracts people from around the world , so you never know what language you 'll hear when someone walks through the door . Jobs : Registered nurse , paramedic , physician 's assistant , home health aide Industry : Hospitality Why : Spas , resorts and hotels help visitors escape their daily routine and makes them feel like royalty . Creating a little bit of paradise -- for a tourist or a local just trying to get away -- is easier when you can understand what your client is saying to you . Jobs : Concierge , resort manager , hotel manager , desk clerk Industry : Education Why : One of the richer aspects of an American education is the exposure to different cultures . You can walk into most classrooms , from kindergarten through graduate levels , and find students who come from multilingual households or who are studying abroad . Jobs : Teacher , ESL instructor , guidance counselor Industry : Law enforcement Why : Among the many duties of law enforcement personnel is interviewing people , either to solve crimes or to understand what 's happening in a conflict . You can save a lot of time  and maybe even a life  if you do n't have to wait for an interpreter . Jobs : Police officer , investigator , security guard , probation officer , corrections officer Industry : Customer service Why : Every aspect of customer service involves dealing with people . Depending on where you work , you might have customers who are tourists or who come from households where English is n't spoken . Knowing more than one language means you can communicate to a larger amount of visitors , which both your employer and customers will appreciate . Jobs : Sales clerk , demonstrator , retail store supervisor , computer support specialist , customer service representative Industry : Social services Why : Social service workers meet with families , adoption agencies and schools in order to ensure the well-being of children . The fewer language barriers between the worker , children and important people in their environment , the smoother things can run . Jobs : Family social worker , substance abuse social worker , social work administration Industry : Finance Why : Money does n't only stay on one continent , so in the world of finance , whether you 're a teller or the CEO of an investment bank , you 're dealing with euros and yen and the languages that come with them . Jobs : Teller , financial adviser , investment banker , accountant Industry : Communication Why : Whether your job is talking to the media or writing for a publication , words are your livelihood . The more you know , the better you can do your job . Whether it enables you to speak to a reporter or interview a source for a story , being bilingual makes your job easier . Jobs : Translator , public relations specialist , journalist , media relations officer Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	In almost every line of work , speaking a second language makes you valuable Twenty percent of Americans do n't speak English at home California , New Mexico , have largest percentage of non-English speakers Spanish is most popular with 34 million speakers nationwide
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The use of U.S. strike aircraft in Libya is set to expire Monday as uncertainty lingers about whether Western allies will arm opposition members trying to oust Libyan ruler Moammar Gadhafi . Over the weekend , fierce destruction permeated the city of Misrata , which has been choked off by pro-Gadhafi forces surrounding the city . "  We need a lot of help in Misrata . There 's so much death there , " said Mustafa Abdul Hamali , a 46-year-old taxi driver who lost half of a leg . "  I was driving in my car with my wife , and my car just blew up . I do n't know what happened . " Khalid Moteridi , a 32-year-old businessman-turned-rebel fighter , said the situation in Libya 's third-largest city has turned dire . "  It ¹ s a tragedy by all means , " he said . "  No electricity , no food , no water . We ¹ re trapped from all sides by the Gadhafi forces . " A doctor in Misrata told CNN government forces shelled a clinic , leaving one dead and 15 injured on Sunday . Last week , a hospital official said 398 people have been killed since the Libyan conflict began last month . He feared there were more deaths that his hospital did n't know about . Some rebels from Misrata got a bit of a reprieve Sunday , when a Turkish hospital ship picked up more than 300 of the wounded fighters . Their injuries included amputated limbs , broken bones and shrapnel wounds . The ship is destined for the Turkish port of Cesme , where the patients will receive medical attention , opposition officials said . It made a stop in the rebel capital of Benghazi to pick up more patients and supplies , and was greeted by cheering supporters of the opposition . Men wearing head bandages and eye patches waved back at the crowd . West of Benghazi , the tug-of-war for control continued in the oil town of al-Brega , which has changed hands six times in six weeks between government and opposition forces . Rebel fighters retreated east of al-Brega on Sunday , reporting an ambush , roadside mines and a need for more ammunition . Libyan rebels have been hampered by a lack of organization and training on heavy weaponry when confronting the better-trained , better-armed forces of Gadhafi , who is under investigation for alleged crimes against humanity by the International Criminal Court . "  We were fighting with light weapons , but they had so much more , " Moteridi said . "  Artillery , mortars , rocket-propelled grenades , anti-tank rockets -- that 's how they were fighting back . " U.S. and British officials have said they have not decided whether to arm rebel fighters . Both countries participated in airstrikes to weaken Gadhafi 's military resources before NATO officially took command of the international operation . Due to poor weather conditions in recent days , the United States approved a request by NATO to extend the use of some U.S. strike aircraft , NATO spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said Sunday . "  This is a short-term extension , which expires on Monday , " Lungescu said . Over the weekend , opposition spokesmen said 13 rebels were killed when NATO airstrikes hit several vehicles . "  Based on the information we have , they  the opposition forces who were hit  heard the airstrikes and went ahead to see what the damage was , and that 's when they got hit , " rebel spokesman Shamsiddin Abdulmolah said . "  They were told to stay back , but they jumped the gun . " Lungescu said Saturday that NATO was investigating the incident . "  NATO takes any reports of civilian casualties very seriously , but exact details are hard to verify as we have no reliable sources on the ground , " she said . Meanwhile , a trip to Europe by Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Abdelati Obeidi indicated Gadhafi 's regime might be willing to take diplomatic steps . Libya asked Greece to allow a special envoy to travel there to communicate a message from Gadhafi , Greek foreign ministry spokesman Grigoris Delavekouras said . The nature of that message was not immediately known . "  From what the Libyan envoy said , it is clear that the administration is looking for a solution , " Greek Foreign Minister Dimitris Droutsas said after the meeting . He said Obeidi is expected to continue talks in Turkey and Malta Despite the unyielding conflict , Moteridi , the rebel fighter who was shot twice in the legs by a sniper , said he wo n't give up . "  I 'll go back to Misrata when I get better , God willing , and ... Gadhafi and his gangs will be defeated . " CNN 's Reza Sayah , Ben Wedeman , Nic Robertson and Eve Bower and journalists Houda Zaghdoudi and Elinda Labropoulou contributed to this report	Injured Misrata resident : "  There 's so much death there " Greek foreign minister : "  It is clear that the  Libyan  administration is looking for a solution " A Turkish hospital ship picks up 300 injured rebel fighters from Misrata An opposition fighter says the city is cut off from electricity , food and water
CNN  -- Erick Munoz wants to see his wife 's wish fulfilled this holiday season , but it 's one that carries ethical and legal challenges : To be taken off of life support . Marlise Munoz , 33 , is in serious condition in the intensive care unit at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth , Texas , hospital officials said . She is unconscious and on a ventilator , her husband told CNN affiliate WFAA , but she would n't have wanted her life sustained by a machine . "  We talked about it . We 're both paramedics , " he told WFAA . "  We 've seen things out in the field . We both knew that we both did n't want to be on life support . " Complicating an already difficult situation is that Munoz is also pregnant , about 18 weeks along , WFAA reported . Texas state law prohibits withdrawing or withholding life-sustaining treatment from a pregnant patient , regardless of her wishes . Patients can indicate their future wishes about medical treatment , in the event that they are unable to communicate them , through forms called advance directives . But in Texas , under the Health and Safety Code , such a form includes the provision "  I understand that under Texas law this Directive has no effect if I have been diagnosed as pregnant . " Erick Munoz told WFAA doctors said his wife may have suffered a pulmonary embolism , which happens when blood clots travel to the lungs from elsewhere in the body . They do not know how long the baby went without nutrients and oxygen . The hospital would not release specific details about Marlise Munoz 's condition , but officials said the hospital would follow Texas law regarding care during pregnancy . Christmas Eve battle over girl on life support "  We have a responsibility as a good corporate citizen here in Tarrant County to also provide the highest quality care we can for all of our patients , " said J.R. Labbe , vice president of communications and community affairs for JPS Health Network , in a statement . "  But at all times , we will follow the law as it is applicable to health care in the state of Texas . And state law here says you can not withhold or withdraw life sustaining treatment for a pregnant patient . It 's that clear . " The husband and wife , both paramedics in the Tarrant County area , have a 14-month-old son named Mateo . Erick Munoz and Marlise Munoz 's mother did not immediately respond to requests for comment from CNN . Erick Munoz found his wife unconscious on November 26 , around 2 a.m. . He performed CPR on her and then called 911 , WFAA reported . Since that day , the pregnant woman has been on life support , her husband said . Tests have shown that the fetus has a normal heart beat , he said . At 24 weeks , doctors may know more about when the fetus can be taken out , Munoz 's family told WFAA . Doctors have also discussed the possibility of taking the fetus to full term . He told WFAA that his wife had said she would not want to be kept alive by machine , and said he has reached "  the point where you wish that your wife 's body would stop . " Munoz wears his wife 's pink and blue bracelets on his wrist , WFAA reported . Her wedding ring is on his pinkie . When Munoz walks in the door , he said his son Mateo is waiting for his mother to show up . "  You can see it in his eyes , " Munoz said .	Marlise Munoz fell unconscious on November 26 Her husband said she would not want to be on life support Texas law prohibits withdrawing life-sustaining treatment from a pregnant patient
CNN  -- Lawyers for a man who ran a notorious torture prison in Cambodia where more than 14,000 people died during the 1970s Khmer Rouge regime are appealing his conviction . The lawyers for Kaing Guek Eav , alias Duch , say he should be acquitted since he was "  a witness of the events of the relevant period " and should be in witness protection -- not detention . Duch was convicted of war crimes , crimes against humanity , murder and torture in July in a U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal also known as the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia . Duch 's lawyers also say the court did not have jurisdiction , the appeal states . "  To interpret the applicable law in reliance on international customary law is inconsistent " with the law of the Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia , according to the appeal . Earlier this month , prosecutors in Cambodia appealed Duch 's 30-year sentence , saying the punishment was too light . "  The co-prosecutors are of the view that the judgment gives insufficient weight to the gravity of Duch 's crimes and his role and his willing participation in those crimes , " they said in a statement . "  At the same time , the co-prosecutors believe that undue weight is placed on any mitigating circumstances applicable to Duch . " Some survivors had been angered by the sentence for Duch . His prison term would have been about 19 years after the court took off 11 years for the time he has already served behind bars . The verdict sparked strong reactions as word spread outside the courtroom . Some said it made them lose faith in the U.N.-backed war crimes tribunal . "  It 's becoming a sham , " Cambodian-American Theary Seng , chairwoman of the Center for Justice and Reconciliation , said after the verdict . At least 1.7 million people -- nearly a quarter of Cambodia 's population -- died under the 1975-1979 Khmer Rouge regime from execution , disease , starvation and overwork , according to the Documentation Center of Cambodia . Duch , 67 , was the head of the S-21 prison . Few people brought to the prison made it out alive ; only about a dozen were found by the Vietnamese , who invaded Cambodia in 1979 . Prosecutors had initially sought a 40-year sentence . The judges first gave Duch 35 years , but took five years off that for the time he was illegally detained before the tribunal was established . Prosecutors have said the judgment failed "  to reflect the full extent of Duch 's criminal conduct " and he should be "  separately convicted of the crimes against humanity of enslavement , imprisonment , torture , rape , extermination , and other inhumane acts . These crimes should not have been subsumed into the crimes of persecution and torture . " The judge , in announcing Duch 's sentence , said he took into consideration that the defendant had expressed remorse , admitted responsibility and cooperated with the court . The judge also took into account the "  coercive environment " of the Khmer Rouge , he said Duch pleaded guilty , but he said he was only following orders and asked for forgiveness . Last November , he asked to be freed after spending some 11 years in detention . In the last week of his trial , Duch argued that international law did not apply to him because he was following orders . The tribunal began its work in 2007 after a decade of on-and-off negotiations between the United Nations and Cambodia over the structure and functioning of the court . Duch 's verdict was the court 's first . Another four of the ultra-Maoist regime 's former leaders are waiting to see if they will stand trial before the U.N.-backed tribunal for war crimes and crimes against humanity . Co-prosecutors filed a final submission in these cases and asked that the four be indicted and sent for trial , according to a statement from the prosecutors ' office . It 's not known when the court will make a decision .	Attorneys : Duch was "  a witness of the events " and should be in witness protection Duch is convicted of war crimes , crimes against humanity , murder and torture Prosecutors : 30-year sentence is too light
"  She was a professor ? " That 's what an astonished caseworker at Adult Protective Services asked about Margaret Mary Vojtko when informed of the 83-year-old woman 's destitute situation , according to an op-ed in the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette . Vojtko died September 1 of a massive heart attack . Yes , she was a professor . An adjunct professor of French at Duquesne University . Until she was not renewed this year , with neither due process nor severance pay . She taught students for 25 years , with no health benefits , no retirement benefits , and low wages . The minimum pay for adjunct faculty at Duquesne used to be $ 2500 per course . After an ongoing effort by the United Steelworkers to unionize adjuncts there , the university paid $ 3,500 per course . Vojtko 's situation was not unusual for adjuncts in academia . That is why many have taken the hashtag #iamMargaretMary to tweet their indignation at her working conditions , lack of support and lack of respect . The dirty little secret is that higher education is staffed with an insufficiently resourced , egregiously exploited , contingent "  new faculty majority . " In addition to the 49.3 % of faculty in part-time positions  70 % in community colleges  , another 19 % are full-time , nontenure-track .  These numbers do not include graduate assistants or postdocs . Adjunct professors , like many hard-working Americans , are the working poor . They are one step away from "  We do n't need your services anymore " or one medical emergency away from being destitute , like Vojtko . If Vojtko was good enough to be entrusted with teaching Duquesne undergraduates , how can the university justify not providing her  and her adjunct colleagues  with health care and other basic benefits ? If American higher education says to students and society that a college education is the path to the middle class , how can we justify such treatment of these professionals , with advanced degrees , who are teaching the students ? We are living a lie that cheats these professors and the students they teach , particularly in access universities and community colleges where adjunct faculty numbers , like percentages of lower-income students , are highest and instructional spending per student is lowest . The story is not just about Duquesne . Certainly , the institution 's wealth  $ 171 million endowment , tuition over $ 28,000  and Catholic status  Catholic social doctrine supports collective bargaining rights  make the situation -- and Duquesne 's refusal to recognize a union that adjunct faculty voted for overwhelmingly -- particularly indefensible . Duquesne University 's administration has provided a response to the situation , suggesting that there were caring responses by people within the institution to Vojtko 's circumstances . However , acts of charity are not conditions-of-employment justice for hard-working adjunct professors . The larger issues are not about individual responsibility or culpability for actions toward Vojtko , but rather , about collective responsibility for the structural conditions of work that contributed to her circumstances , and that leave significant segments of the academic workforce with no benefits and low pay . So Duquesne should recognize the adjunct union , bargain in good faith , grant benefits and set up a professional development fund in Vojtko 's name . But this story speaks more broadly about a horrible reality in higher education . Adjunct professors , as part of a growing army of working poor , are at the center of the academic labor movement , just as fast-food workers are now at the center of the larger labor movement . We are in the midst of deciding the extent to which we are an inclusive society that will live up to our nation 's promise that hard work pays off . The question is : How will we treat working people ? Will we , the richest nation on earth , continue to structure employment in ways that reduce large segments of society to near Dickensian conditions of existence ? Or can we muster the collective will to appropriately remunerate and honor the work of all working Americans ? In academia , that means tenure stream faculty , staff , students , administrators , and communities must recognize in Vojtko 's fate the ugly and diminished future of higher education and choose , in big ways and small ways , a more equitable path . Adjunct professors have taken initiatives to change the status quo . Some have joined advocacy groups , such as the New Faculty Majority . Some are involved with caucuses within unions and professional associations where they gather data about pay and working conditions , define best practices , and work to ensure that adjunct faculty are not discriminated against . Adjuncts are organizing for benefits , a living wage , and conditions that will benefit their students and their schools . In Pittsburgh , as in Boston , Los Angeles , Seattle , and Washington , there are union campaigns for adjunct unions in private  often wealthy  universities . There is also much organizing in public institutions , and in units that combine adjunct with full-time and tenure track faculty . No one deserves the treatment and fate experienced by Margaret Mary Vojtko , who escaped the 21st century equivalent of Victorian poorhouses in a cardboard casket . American higher education can and should do better for those who teach our students .	Margaret Mary Vojtko , who taught at a university for 25 years , died in poverty Gary Rhoades : Adjunct professors are paid very little and have no benefits He says the dirty secret in higher education is that adjuncts are used a lot Rhoades : Adjunct faculty do not deserve to be the new working poor in society
On a sunny Monday morning , over the open fields of Baylands Park in Sunnyvale , California , an unmanned aerial vehicle was turning heads -- and it came with a cargo of carne asada . World , meet the Burrito Bomber . The Bomber is the beans and rice-filled brainchild of two engineers at popular reviews and recommendations website , Yelp . Their ultimate goal is to send the Burrito Bomber into the wild , blue yonder , wait for a customer to place an order through a mobile app , then have the tortilla-toting plane do a fly-by delivery based on GPS coordinates . "  You have a little parachute that kind of hides up here -LSB- under the plane -RSB- , " said Yoni De Beule , one of the plane 's designers , "  and when the burrito releases , the parachute gets pulled out and allows for the burrito to drop to the ground a little more safely . " The bomber 's engineers used a 3-D printer to create their own custom-made parts to allow for burrito storage and deployment , and added a fully remote controlled camera and transmitter to stream live video back down to the ground during flight . "  The plane can totally fly itself , " says former Yelp engineer John Boiles , "  But these are nice to have as a backup . " That 's right . The Burrito Bomber is a drone . Although it currently has to be launched by hand -- and Boiles briefly controls the drone as it ascends -- once the plane hits altitude and a flight plan is in place , the Burrito Bomber operates on its own . Step one for takeoff includes Boiles and De Beule running through a checklist to ensure everything is operating properly . It 's like their version of mission control , just down the road from the Mission District , where Yelp 's headquarters are located in San Francisco . Step two is a little less technical . Boiles grabs a few sprigs of grass and flips them into the air to see which way the breeze is blowing , sort of like nearby Stanford University attendee Tiger Woods sizing up his approach to the 18th green . Step three , flight . On the count of three , Boiles fires up the propeller and De Beule tosses the bomber into the air . After a brief wobble , the Burrito Bomber is soaring skyward and preparing to deploy its tasty payload . The idea of airborne munchies is n't entirely new . The Tacocopter turned out to be a hoax . And Domino 's "  DomiCopter " is a recent YouTube sensation , showing a high-flying pizza delivery near London . The Burrito Bomber was dreamed up during a Yelp hackathon -- a two-day event held every quarter where engineers tap into their creative side . Yelp provides resources such as 3-D printers , tons of tools and lots of space -- a commodity in dense San Francisco -- to keep their workers inspired . Boiles and De Beule 's first hackathon project was a weather balloon they hoped would result in the first ever Yelp "  check-in " from space . However , the balloon flew a lot farther than expected and they later recovered it in the Nevada desert . After a few other high-flying hijinks , the idea for the Burrito Bomber took hold . Along with other projects from fellow engineers , Boiles and De Beule dubbed their creative corner of Yelp headquarters Darwin Aerospace -- named after CEO Jeremy Stoppelman 's dog , Darwin , who is frequently found wandering Yelp 's offices . Sadly , anyone hoping for an aerial munchies fix will have to keep hoping for a while . The Burrito Bomber is currently just a prototype . Current Federal Aviation Administration regulations prohibit commercial use of unmanned aircraft , but that could change . "  Pending regulations from the FAA in 2015 , we 'll be able to drop a burrito to a neighborhood near you , " says Boiles . Until then , parachuting pico de gallo will have to wait .	Engineers from Yelp build the Burrito Bomber The unmanned drone can deliver food using GPS data Project is the result of a Yelp hackathon Currently , aviation regulations prohibit commercial use of drones
RollingStone.com  -- Tank warfare in the final days of World War II sounds like primo escapism for action freaks . "  Fury , " written and directed with exacting skill and aching heart by David Ayer  "  End of Watch "  , does n't let us off easy with video game violence . Ayer thrusts us into the furnace of the Fury , a Sherman tank commanded by Don "  Wardaddy " Collier  Brad Pitt  , until we feel as battered as the crew . Brad Pitt : From Beefcake to A-lister In their years with Sgt. Wardaddy , gunner Boyd Swan  an outstanding Shia LaBeouf  , loader Grady Travis  Jon Bernthal  and driver Trini Garcia  Michael PeÃ ± a  have tilted their moral compass to view murder as different from killing the enemy . They do n't even see the blood on their hands until the arrival of Norman Ellison  Logan Lerman  , a rookie driver unprepared for combat . Norman 's horror and disgust are a cracked mirror for the crew , until Norman hardens just like his band of brothers . Ayer captures the buried feelings of men in combat with piercing immediacy . Fall movie preview : Finally , the good stuff ! Pitt is tremendous in his role , a conscience detectable even in Wardaddy 's blinkered gaze . But it 's Lerman who anchors the film with a shattering , unforgettable portrayal of corrupted innocence . "  Fury " means to grab us hard from the first scene and never let go . Mission accomplished . See the original story at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Brad Pitt , Shia LaBeouf , Michael Pena , Jon Bernthal and Logan Lerman star The movie follows a crew of soldiers during World War II LaBeouf is outstanding , and Pitt is tremendous Lerman 's performance anchors the film
CNN  -- Bubba Watson will take a three-shot lead heading into the final two rounds of the Masters at Augusta National after firing a four-under par 68 on Friday . An incredible run of five straight birdies on Augusta 's famously difficult back nine helped put the 2012 champion in pole position heading into the weekend . Watson 's initial progress was unremarkable as he reached the turn in even par -- a birdie at the par-four seventh was canceled out two holes later with bogey at nine . But his challenge burst into life at the par-three 12th when he fired his tee shot to two-and-a-half feet to leave a simple tap in for birdie . Another followed at the 13th hole before an astonishing putt at the 14th made it three in a row . Two further birdies saw Watson reach eight-under before his hot streak ended with a par at the 17th followed by a bogey at the last . Together with his opening round 69 , Watson is now seven-under par and in control of the tournament . "  It 's never easy , " Watson said . "  It 's a great test of golf and I just got some good breaks , some good things that went my way . Guessed the wind right on the stretch of holes on the back nine there . " Watson 's string of birdies bettered a run of four he made in the final round when he won two years ago . Full leaderboard : PGA.com "  That five hole stretch was good . It 's one of those where you 're not focused on what you 're doing , you do n't know that you 're making all these birdies , you 're focused on one shot at a time , " he said . Watson was one of the early finishers on day two and no one came close to challenging him as the afternoon wore on . Overnight leader Bill Haas stuttered to the turn in one over , before watching the wheels come off his round at Amen Corner completing the three-hole stretch of 11 , 12 and 13 in four-over par . The 31-year-old ended the day with a 78 to fall back to two over par . He was n't the only one to struggle as the wind picked up and the greens dried out . Defending champion Adam Scott toiled on the opening nine dropping three shots before mounting a recovery with birdies at the 12th , 13th and 15th to finish at three under after 36 holes . "  It was so difficult early on , the greens were very dried out and it was hard to make some putts -- it was hard to hit them confidently , " Scott said . "  I did n't really play well at the start but then made the turn -- you can make it happen if you get through the first couple of holes on the back nine . " The Australian finds himself in a four-way tie for third alongside Dane Thomas Bjorn  68  and Master 's rookies Jonas Blixt from Sweden who posted a 71 on Friday and 20-year-old Jordan Spieth from the U.S. who shot a round of 70 . Watson 's nearest chaser is another Aussie , John Senden , who finished on four-under par after shooting 68 on Friday . Fred Couples , the 1992 champion , is also in the mix after a second consecutive round of 71 left him two-under par and in a tie for seventh with compatriots Jimmy Walker and Jim Furyk . America 's Kevin Streelman , Russell Henley and Kevin Stadler are joined at one-under par by Welshman Jamie Donaldson and Scot Stephen Gallacher . Further down the leaderboard , it was a good day for three ex-champions from the 1980s . The 1985 winner Bernhard Langer and Larry Mize , whose sensational chip-in at the second play-off hole won the 1987 Masters , both finished comfortably inside the cut at two-over par . Scot Sandy Lyle , who triumphed in 1988 , also squeezed in at four-over par -- the same score as Northern Ireland 's Rory McIlroy who limped to a 77 . Plenty of big names , however , will not be coming back at the weekend including three-time champion Phil Mickelson who ended five-over on Friday following a round of 73 . Luke Donald also missed the cut by one stroke as did Spain 's Sergio Garcia , South Africa 's 2011 champion Charl Schwartzel and 19-year-old English amateur Matthew Fitzpatrick . Read more : Strong start for reigning champion Scott	2012 champion fires a second round 68 to lead Masters by three at halfway stage Defending champion Adam Scott recovers from poor start to post second round 72 Phil Mickelson misses cut along with Luke Donald and Charl Schwartzel Rory McIlroy also struggles on day two posting a 77 to finish on four-over par
Moscow  CNN  -- Weeks after getting asylum in Russia , Edward Snowden now has a job there , one of his lawyers says . Snowden , the U.S. national security contractor turned leaker , will start a job Friday with a major Russian website , his attorney Anatoly Kucherena told CNN Thursday . Kucherena declined to name the employer for security reasons . He told Russian state-run news agency RIA Novosti that Snowden would perform maintenance for the site . Europe falls out of love with Obama over NSA spying claims Snowden , a 30-year-old former government information technology contractor , collected information on spy programs -- in which the National Security Agency mined phone and Internet metadata from thousands of people inside and outside of the United States -- and exposed the programs to the media . Anticipating legal consequences , he fled to Hong Kong in late May and flew on June 23 to Moscow , where he holed up at the airport for more than five weeks . U.S. authorities have charged him with espionage and theft of government property . After Russia granted him an asylum term of one year on August 1 , he left the airport . As Snowden got ready to start his new job , he was also meeting Thursday with a German lawmaker who visited him in Russia . Hans-Christian Stroebele , a well-known leftist legislator in Germany , met with Snowden in Moscow to invite him to testify before the German parliament . According to Stroebele 's website , during their meeting , Snowden gave him a letter addressed to the German parliament and to the country 's attorney general . Stroebele , a member of the Green party , tweeted a picture of himself with Snowden and said he would hold a news conference Friday to provide details about the letter 's contents . The meeting comes amid outrage among many German leaders over claims that an NSA surveillance operation targeted German Chancellor Angela Merkel 's cell phone . Germany 's Der Spiegel news magazine first reported the alleged operation , citing documents leaked by Snowden . Stroebele sits on a parliamentary committee that monitors intelligence agencies . Spying on allies - everyone does it CNN 's Diana Magnay and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	NEW : A German lawmaker meets with Snowden and invites him to testify before parliament Snowden to start job Friday with major Russian website , one of his lawyers says Lawyer declines to name site , citing security concerns Russia gave asylum to Snowden in August after he leaked info about U.S. spy programs
CNN  -- Police investigating the disappearance of Madeleine McCann are looking for a man who assaulted five other young British girls on vacation in Portugal , London 's Metropolitan Police said Wednesday . Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared while she was on vacation in the Portuguese resort town of Praia da Luz with her family in June 2007 . Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide . Officers are investigating 12 potentially linked crimes at resorts near where the toddler vanished . The man , whom witnesses describe as being tanned with short , dark , unkempt hair , is suspected of breaking in to 12 vacation homes where British families were staying in the Algarve between 2004 and 2010 . In four of the incidents , girls between 7 and 10 years of age were sexually assaulted in their beds . On one of these occasions , he assaulted two girls in the same villa , police said . These attacks happened between 2004 and 2006 . "  Whilst not identical , there are many similar aspects to each of the incidents in that in most cases there were no signs of forced entry to the property , nothing was taken , and the intruder appeared in the early hours of the morning , " between 2 and 5 a.m. , police said in a statement "  The suspect may have been in the villa or looking round the villa for some time before committing the offenses or being disturbed either by a parent coming in , or the child waking up . He remained calm , even when disturbed . " Mystery Of the 12 offenses , there were four in Carvoeiro , six in the Vale da Parra , Praia da Gale district , and two in Praia da Luz . On two occasions , the noise of a bin collection lorry could be heard nearby . The man is said to have spoken in English with a foreign accent , and his voice was described as slow , or possibly slurred . "  These matters are very serious . It 's very important primarily for us to understand and identify who this offender is , " Detective Chief Inspector Andy Redwood said . "  Firstly , because clearly nobody has been prosecuted for these horrible offenses against these young people . And secondly , once we have identified this offender , we need to be able to prove or disprove whether these offenses and that offender is connected to the disappearance of Madeleine McCann . " Last October , new police sketches were released of potential suspects in the case , and UK police appeared in a television appeal for information . The program prompted a flurry of tips , and police in Portugal announced they would reopen the case . Since then , the Portuguese investigation has run in parallel with the British one . Detectives have previously said they were investigating a spike in break-ins in the area in the weeks before Madeleine disappeared , two of them in the same block where her family was staying . Mystery has surrounded Madeleine 's disappearance for the past six years . Neither her parents , Kate and Gerry McCann , nor the detectives investigating her case have given up on one day finding the little girl from Leicestershire , England . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Officers probing 12 potentially linked crimes at resorts near where Madeleine vanished Man is suspected of breaking into vacation homes where British families were staying Madeleine was 3 when she disappeared in a Portuguese resort town in 2007 Her disappearance prompted headlines worldwide .
CNN  -- In this high-stakes election , Americans are making use of every available opportunity to get the word out about the candidates and issues . For some , that means making Halloween political . Oliver Smith and Matt Fett created these impressive pumpkin portraits of Barack Obama and Sarah Palin . Many of these people shared their Halloween politicking on iReport.com . A few of them , like Mark Weyermuller of Wilmette , Illinois , have gone all-out , turning their yards into full-on political displays . Weyermuller 's features life-size figures of Barack Obama , John McCain , Hillary Clinton , and Sarah Palin , and he says he 's waiting for his Joe Biden mask to arrive in the mail . He also has a sign up -- held by a witch , appropriately -- that reads "  Witch do you like for vice-president ? " "  We do this every year with current event figures , " said Weyermuller , adding that "  The political characters tend to scare the neighbors and the kids more then most traditional ghosts and goblins . " Weyermuller even added a figure of Joe the plumber to the lawn after the final presidential debate . "  He is now the star of the election , Halloween and this front yard , " he said . iReport.com : A political yard for Halloween Melissa Cruson 's family builds a giant spider web in their Colleyville , Texas , yard each year for Halloween . But this year , they decided to give it a political twist at her daughter 's suggestion . "  While buying the supplies that we needed for the web , my daughter , who is in the sixth grade , mentioned that ` this year we should put Obama and Hillary in the web ! ' We thought it was a great idea and went with it , " she said . So this year , in addition to the traditional giant spiders , the Cruson family 's web features a smiling John McCain sitting in front of the web , where Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton are trapped . "  The comical part of this -LSB- is that -RSB- my husband and I are just about as nonpolitical as you can get , " Cruson said . "  Yet it appears that we have made a pretty loud political statement this year with this display and the attention it has received . But we do know that this is a very critical election for our country . " Cruson said her family continuously receives visitors who want to pose for photos with the political web . Staffers at the local Republican headquarters even heard about the display and "  went crazy over it . " iReport.com : Caught in a political web Perhaps the most elaborate political Halloween display we 've seen on iReport.com can only be seen from the air . Baggenstos Farms in Sherwood , Oregon , created a corn maze with the theme "  Election 2008 . " The maze features likenesses of McCain and Obama along with the candidates ' names and the word "  vote . " Greg Hughes , who is studying to become a pilot , was on a training flight near Portland , Oregon , when he spotted the display . He grabbed his video camera to capture the maze as his instructor flew the plane . "  Now that 's a yard sign ! " said one of the commenters on Hughes ' iReport . iReport.com : A political crop circle ? Other iReporters are displaying their candidate of choice on Halloween in simpler ways . Political pumpkins displaying the candidates ' names , likenesses , and slogans are becoming popular with Democrats and Republicans in the days before the election . Matt Fett of Ames , Iowa -- who clearly has some experience in pumpkin carving -- created a portrait of Palin for his jack-o ' - lantern this year . He says he likes to carve "  something that 's relevant " each year , and as a Republican , carved Mitt Romney last year . iReport.com : A Sarah Palin pumpkin Oliver Smith of Tulsa , Oklahoma , carved an equally professional-looking pumpkin portrait of Obama . "  Basically , I just found a picture of him that I liked , tweaked it to find the parts to cut , carbon copied it to the pumpkin , then chiseled away parts of the skin , " he said . "  The whole process took about 4 1/2 hours . " Unfortunately , he says , squirrels chewed his jack-o ' - lantern to bits just hours after he completed it . But Smith , who supports Obama in the election , says he 's not giving up on a political Halloween . "  I plan on making another closer to Halloween , " he said . "  But I 'm not giving the squirrels any more food until then . " iReport.com : ` Pumpkins for change '	Many Americans using Halloween to express their political views Pumpkin portraits of presidential and vice-presidential candidates abound Elaborate displays include a political web and a giant corn maze to get out the vote iReport.com : Are you displaying your political affiliation this Halloween ?
CNN  -- Instead of contractions , they 're called surges . And do n't call it labor , it 's birthing . When the discomfort of childbirth kicks in , it 's pressure -- not pain . The philosophy behind HypnoBirthing is to remove the fear of giving birth , its practitioners say . They believe that by training themselves to calm their body and mind to a state of self-hypnosis , they can reduce pain and discomfort . It 's another trend in birthing that gives women the opportunity to prepare for childbirth such as Lamaze classes , yoga and the Bradley method . While it 's unclear how many women deliver babies using HypnoBirthing , it 's institute says there are about 1,400 practitioners in the United States who train pregnant women to use the methods . Moms who 've taken HypnoBirthing classes give birth at hospitals . Some choose to get pain medication , epidurals or cesarean sections . Others elect to give birth at home . The point of HypnoBirthing is that giving birth is natural and can be done with less anxiety , its practitioners say . It does not promise pain-free childbirth . "  The difference is that we 're saying let us teach you what happens within the body , " said Marie Mongan , a hypnotherapist who founded the HypnoBirthing Institute . "  What we 're doing is educating them about what is happening within the body . " August is typically the busiest month for childbirths , according to Centers for Disease Control and Prevention data . A handful of hospitals such as the Cleveland Clinic and Dartmouth-Hitchcock Medical Center offer HypnoBirthing training . These classes are usually offered along with a variety of other childbirth preparation courses . Mongan said HypnoBirthing 's popularity has increased mostly because of word of mouth among moms and pregnant Hollywood celebrities . Actresses such as Jessica Alba and Tiffani Thiessen , and model Miranda Kerr have talked about the pre-birthing techniques that rely on deep relaxation . "  There are ever so many more practitioners who want to become involved at this point , " said Mongan . "  We 're 100 over where we were last year in people coming in wanting to teach HypnoBirthing . It seems to be everywhere . We 're getting a lot more media interest , celebrity interest . " The ` easy ' childbirth : One mom 's story Unlike the stereotype , in HypnoBirthing , nobody swings a pocket watch back and forth to lull a mother to sleep during labor . The mothers stay awake during the process , but train themselves to calm down so they may appear as if they 're sleeping . Some use instrumental music , rhythms and affirmations . They are encouraged to visualize a relaxed place or a goal like cuddling with their newborn . "  It 's like a self-hypnosis , " said Joyce Poplar , a perinatal educator who teaches at Cleveland Clinic 's Hillcrest Hospital . "  They 're in a deep , relaxed , limp state . Every single woman is imagining something different -- whether it 's a place in their mind , an outdoor place such as a beach scene . It 's feeling it , being aware of it and having a sensory perception on that beach scene , smelling the salt in the air , hearing the seagulls . They 're completely there in a trance-like state . " They also learn breathing techniques . "  The body knows how to birth the baby , just like it knew how to grow that baby for nine months , " Poplar said . "  I 'm teaching the moms the skills to listen to their bodies and the power of the uterus to do the work . " HypnoBirth instructors say the methods reduce pain that stems from apprehension and anxiety about giving birth . "  We really focus on relaxation , releasing all the fears that moms have when they 're having birth , " Poplar said . "  We 're getting rid of the fears , memories , experiences , or the mistaken belief they might have had , so they can move forward with natural childbirth . " Melanie Johnson of Hudson , Ohio , had heard plenty of horror stories about labor . "  Everyone wants to inflate the negativity of birth , comparing who had it the worst , " she said . That 's why HypnoBirthers use a different vocabulary . But does changing some words and teaching relaxation techniques really result in a different type of labor ? The American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists referred CNN.com to the American Society of Anesthesiologists . Dr. Craig M. Palmer , the society 's chair of the committee on obstetrical anesthesia , said he was n't familiar with HypnoBirthing , but noted it could be a useful technique . "  Any sort of childbirth prep that a mother will undergo is useful from a medical and anesthesiologist 's point , " said Palmer , a professor of anesthesiology at the University of Arizona Health Sciences Center in Tucson , Arizona . "  The more prepared you are for labor , the more positive your outcome . As an anesthesiologist , any technique that improves patients ' mental focus and state of mind is a good thing . " When Amber Diez , a mother of four from Pembroke Pines , Florida , was pregnant with her first child , she was told by her instructor , "  This is going to be the worst pain in your life . " It turned out to be a self-fulfilling prophecy . "  It was the worst pain in my life , " said Diez , who was in labor for 12 hours . "  I was scared and nervous . " For her second pregnancy , she carried twins and dreaded childbirth . So her doula gave her HypnoBirthing CDs . At first , Diez scoffed at what she called , "  weird-sounding , hippie stuff . " Her family poked fun at the CDs and pretended to fall fast asleep from hypnosis . Diez listened to the CDs every night for a few weeks . When she went into labor for her twins , she found herself relaxed . "  When you 're not scared of it , you 're able to focus on your body to do what it 's made to do , " Diez said . "  When you 're not afraid , you do n't experience as much pain as someone else would . " Women who have tried HypnoBirthing say there is pain , but it was n't unbearable . "  At the end of labor , right before they 're about to come out , I did experience pain , " Diez said . "  It was right at the end . I felt like I trusted my body . " Johnson took HypnoBirthing courses because she wanted to give birth without drugs . When she felt the contractions , she serenely listened to Bach and Beethoven on her iPod and focused on her breathing techniques . Every time she felt a contraction she focused on her breathing . "  I visualized the goal on a surge-by-surge basis , " Johnson said . "  You 're visualizing what you 've got to do to get through the surge . " When she screamed "  ow , " her doula coaxed her into a rhythmic ohm . "  I did feel pain , but it was n't intolerable , " Johnson said . "  I knew if I could get through this one , I could get through the next one . I could restore energy between each surge . " After 14 hours of labor at home and eight hours at the hospital , Johnson gave birth to a healthy baby girl , Elise . "  It was n't easy by any stretch , " she said . "  They do n't say there is no pain . The pain is going to be different for every woman . HypnoBirthing does n't say you do n't have pain . It gets you in a mode where you can endure it . "	HypnoBirth trains moms to calm body and mind to a state of self-hypnosis Its popularity has soared due to word of mouth among moms and pregnant Hollywood celebrities It does not promote itself as pain free , but says it could reduce discomfort
CNN  -- The U.S. secretary of defense said Monday that he doubts Iran has been able to reverse-engineer a U.S. spy drone that crashed last year in the Iranian desert to learn its secrets . "  I would seriously question their ability to do what they say they have done , " Leon Panetta told reporters traveling with him to Colombia . His comments came a day after Iran said it had "  cracked the codes " of the intelligence-gathering system in the drone it captured last year for violating its airspace , the nation 's semiofficial media reported . Tehran bragged that it had seized the aircraft in December and displayed it on national television as a victory for Iran . On Sunday , an Iranian senior military official said the country 's military had extracted data from the aircraft in order to prove to the Pentagon that it had been able to decode it . "  This plane is seen as a national capital for us , and our words should not disclose all the information that we have very easily , " Brig. Gen. Amir Ali Hajizadeh was quoted as saying by the semiofficial Fars News Agency . "  Yet , I provide four cues in here to let the Americans know how deep we could penetrate into  the intelligence systems and devices of  this drone . " Data from the drone 's memory revealed it had flown over the Pakistani hideout of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden two weeks before his death in May , according to Hajizadeh . "  Had we not accessed the plane 's softwares and hard discs , we would n't have been able to achieve these facts , " he said . Iran has also decoded information including protocols , repairs and flight sorties , said the military leader , who commands the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps ' aerospace forces . The drone was in California in October 2010 for repairs and was moved to Afghanistan the following month , but it had problems that U.S. experts could not solve , he said . Retired Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN contributor , said the U.S. military should be concerned about this report . "  We have to assume the compromise of the drone is complete , " he said Monday on CNN 's "  Early Start . " "  They can pick apart different pieces of this drone . " Marks said U.S. officials need to be concerned about how Iran can use this information to counter American technology . In December , President Barack Obama said the United States had asked Iran to return the drone it said it had . At the time , two U.S. officials said the missing drone was part of a CIA reconnaissance mission that involved both the intelligence community and military personnel stationed in Afghanistan . "  We 've asked for it back . We 'll see how the Iranians respond , " Obama said . Iranian military officials have vowed not to return the plane .	NEW : "  I would seriously question their ability to do what they say they have done , " Panetta says Tehran bragged about seizing unmanned U.S. drone aircraft in December Months later , Iranian senior military officials declare they have extracted data from it The drone 's data reveal that it flew over bin Laden 's hideout , a military official says
Washington  CNN  -- A horse is a horse , of course , of course . That is , of course , unless that dancing horse belongs to the famous Romney family . Sports Illustrated Explainer : What 's dressage ? Rafalca , the dressage horse co-owned by Ann Romney , the wife of GOP presidential candidate Mitt Romney , competed Thursday and will continue competition on Friday at the London Olympics ; the horse is in 13th place after Thursday 's competition . Ann Romney began riding horses when she was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 1998 and has said the sport has helped lessen the symptoms of the inflammatory disease . Horserace turns  almost  literal in London Still , the Romneys ' participation in the pricey prancing pony sport is causing conservatives consternation and liberals laughing fits . Both say the fussy filly is yet more proof that Romney , whose net worth is nearly $ 250 million , is out of touch with average voters . "  It fits into the narrative the Democrats are trying to put forward that he is wealthy and out of touch with the typical America , " said Donald Gross , a political science professor at the University of Kentucky . The liberal group MoveOn.org pokes fun at the elegant equine in a 30-second television spot set to air in the battleground states of Nevada , Ohio and Pennsylvania and supported by a total ad buy of five figures . Looking a dressage horse in the mouth The ad is told from the perspective of the horse . "  My name 's Rafalca , the Romneys ' dressage horse , " the ad begins . MoveOn.org uses a poorly executed English accent as the voice of the Romneys ' horse . "  You might have seen me execute ` leg yields ' and ` flying changes , ' " the ad continues , using terms from the sport of dressage . "  How do I pull off such grace and athleticism while looking so good ? Maybe it 's because the Romneys spend $ 77,000 per year on my upkeep . " The ad comes to a grim conclusion , stating : "  After Mitt Romney repeals health care and ships your jobs overseas , I daresay your life wo n't be nearly as pampered as mine . After all , you 're not one of his horses . " What Romney could learn from dressage In mid-July , the Democratic National Committee briefly used video of the Romneys ' Olympic-bound horse to portray the candidate as "  dancing around the issues , " but later discontinued using Rafalca because it could be seen as offensive to the GOP candidate 's wife . DNC to stop using Romney horse in attack videos Such cheap shots reflect ignorance about the sport , said Stephan Hienzsch , executive director of the United States Dressage Federation . "  It 's a bit misleading that the sport is as expensive or as elitist as people have made it out to be , " Hienzsch said . "  It does n't necessarily reflect on the entire sport . " Still , conservatives are mortified at what they see as the poor political strategy of having a horse participate in something that , according to the United States Dressage Federation , can cost upwards of $ 50,000 to compete at such a high level . "  I 'm not sure why the horse has to be in the most upper-class hoity-toity Olympic event ever invented , " conservative commentator Charles Krauthammer said on Fox News recently . "  It 's unnecessary . " During the campaign , Romney has struggled to shake the image of a disconnected multimillionaire . Comments about NASCAR-owning friends and asides on owning more than one Cadillac certainly do n't help matters , political experts say . Romney calls billionaire football team owners friends In a Quinnipiac University / CBS News/New York Times swing state poll released this week , more than 50 % of voters in the battleground states of Pennsylvania and Ohio said they do not feel Romney "  cares about the needs and problems of people " like themselves . More than 50 % of voters polled in those two states said President Barack Obama cares about their needs and problems . While the candidate and his team are rooting for Team USA , it would n't be a bad thing politically if Rafalca fails to medal , said Larry Sabato , director of the University of Virginia 's Center for Politics . "  This is one of these things where the candidate defers to his spouse even though the entire staff knows it 's a bad idea . You do n't have to be a political strategist to know this was not a good idea , " Sabato said of the horse 's Olympic debut this week . "  This is no Mr. Ed . " Winning a medal will ensure Romney is the butt of horse jokes for weeks to come . With Friday 's dressage competition looming , there 's still time to make political hay out of the matter . "  If I were the Romney campaign I 'd be hoping the Romney horse finishes fourth , " said Norman Ornstein , a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute . "  The audience for dressage is not huge , but if Romney 's horse wins the gold medal that 's a lot of attention . " CNN 's Kevin Liptak and Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report .	Ann Romney 's dressage horse made its Olympic debut Thursday Ann Romney began riding horses to help lessen the symptoms of multiple sclerosis A new ad by liberal group MoveOn.org pokes fun at the horse Conservative commentator has suggested Olympic horse was a questionable political move
This news will bring a smile to the face of many Jared Leto fans . The Oscar-winning actor has been cast to play the Joker in "  Suicide Squad , " based on the DC Comics series , due in theaters on August 5 , 2016 . Warner Bros. . Pictures  owned by Time Warner , just like CNN  confirmed the long-rumored casting on Tuesday . Not to be outdone , Leto will be joined in the cast by Will Smith , who will portray the antihero Deadshot , while Margot Robbie is playing the Joker 's girlfriend , Harley Quinn , a fan favorite . Tom Hardy -- best known as Bane from "  The Dark Knight Rises " -- returns to the world of comic book movies as Rick Flagg . Rounding out the cast are Jai Courtney as Boomerang and Cara Delevingne as Enchantress . David Ayer -- writer of "  The Fast and the Furious " and "  Training Day " -- will write "  Suicide Squad " and take the director 's chair , as previously announced . "  We look forward to seeing this terrific ensemble , under Ayer 's amazing guidance , give new meaning to what it means to be a villain and what it means to be a hero , " said Greg Silverman , president of Creative Development and Worldwide Production for Warner Bros. . With Leto sure to relish the role of the Clown Prince of Crime , and Smith stepping out of the role of hero , this will be an interesting one to watch .	Long-rumored cast for comic book film ` Suicide Squad ' confirmed Jared Leto will play the Joker , Will Smith cast as antihero Deadshot Margot Robbie will portray fan favorite Harley Quinn
CNN  -- Logan Stevenson 's role as best man at his parents ' wedding Saturday came just in time . Logan , a 2-year-old terminally ill boy whose parents moved up their ceremony so he could witness it , died Monday night at his home in Jeannette , Pennsylvania , with family at his side , Westmoreland County Deputy Coroner John Ackerman said Tuesday . The child died of complications from the genetic disorder Fanconi anemia , Ackerman said . On Monday , Logan 's parents , Christine Swidorsky and Sean Stevenson , held him for long periods after it became apparent that his death was near , his mother wrote on Facebook . "  At 8:18 my son took his last breath in my arms , " the mother , now known as Christine Swidorsky-Stevenson , wrote Monday night . "  Im so sad upset and im in disbelief he is with angels and he 's in no more pain . no more sickness no more hospitals . " The parents had put off their wedding for two years , hoping that Logan 's health would improve . The wedding was set for July 2014 , but after being told that Logan had just weeks to live due to leukemia brought on by the Fanconi anemia , his parents moved their wedding to Saturday . "  Under the circumstances of what the doctors told us , we just decided to go ahead and do it while he is still with us , " Stevenson told CNN Pittsburgh affiliate KDKA . On Saturday , Logan , dressed in a tan suit and an orange shirt matching his mom 's bouquet , looked on as his parents exchanged vows in a backyard ceremony . Swidorsky carried her son down the aisle , and his grandmother then cradled him in her arms , his favorite brown teddy bear by his side . "  This is our dream come true , all our family together , and we 're all together celebrating . The celebration of my son 's life and the celebration of our marriage , " Swidorsky said , as Etta James ' "  At Last " played in the background . Whirlwind wedding allows dying tot to be best man for parents Swidorsky said she often described her son as a fighter . He battled through health complications and medical treatment since birth , but remained strong . Fanconi anemia most frequently results in death , commonly from cancer , between the ages of 25 and 30 . Funeral arrangements for Logan , who left behind two older sisters , are being made in Jeannette . CNN 's Joseph Netto , Chuck Johnston , Leslie Holland , and Jacob Robinson contributed to this report .	Logan Stevenson 's parents were married Saturday After delaying the wedding because of his illness , they moved it up so he could be there Logan died Monday night ; he had contracted leukemia because of a genetic disorder
CNN  -- The campus of Hampton University in Hampton , Virginia , was locked down for several hours Sunday morning after a former student shot two people in a dormitory and then shot himself , university and police officials said . A former Hampton University student allegedly shot two people and himself , locking down the campus Sunday . The former student entered Harkness Hall shortly before 1 a.m. by following a pizza deliveryman , said the university 's president , Dr. William Harvey , at an afternoon news conference . The former student shot the deliveryman and the night manager of the dorm , who came into the hall after he heard shots , Harvey explained . The man then shot himself . No one was killed in the incident , which prompted the evacuation of the dorm and a lockdown of the campus , the president said . The three wounded were taken to area hospitals , Harvey said . The dormitory night manager was treated and released , he said . Hampton city police said they had the shooter in custody . The motive for the shootings is not clear , university and law enforcement officials said . Harvey praised the first-responders to the incident , saying their quick action likely averted further tragedy . He also lauded the school 's system of text messages , e-mails and phone messages that warned students about the situation and the campus lockdown . Hampton is about 70 miles southeast of Richmond , Virginia .	Alleged shooter , a former student , entered Harkness Hall shortly before 1 a.m. Alleged shooter gained entry by following a pizza deliveryman Alleged shooter shot deliveryman , dorm night manager and self Hampton city police said they had the shooter in custody
CNN  -- It may not be an "  Age of Extinction , " but Hollywood is far from happy with the summer box office . Where are all the blockbusters ? Summer is supposed to be Tinseltown 's version of the Christmas shopping season , but "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " was the first movie of the year to record a $ 100 million three-day opening weekend , and overall , the box office is down nearly 20 % compared with last year . CNN 's complete summer entertainment guide That comparison is one reason studio executives are reaching for the antacids . Paul Dergarabedian , senior media analyst at Rentrak , cautions that 2013 is a hard act to follow . "  When you have a film kicking off the summer of 2013 like ` Iron Man 3 ' with $ 174.1 million , and this year we kick off the summer with ` The Amazing Spider-Man 2 ' with $ 91.6 million , that 's a pretty big discrepancy , " Dergarabedian noted . "  Iron Man 3 " wound up grossing $ 409 million at the domestic box office last year , with "  Despicable Me 2 " adding $ 368 million . In all , seven films topped the $ 200 million mark last summer . This summer has seen just three : "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " "  Maleficent " and "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . " Of course , some things are beyond Hollywood 's control , like the calendar . "  Having the Fourth of July actually land on a Friday did n't help things : When you have people outside watching fireworks on the second-biggest moviegoing day of the week , that 's not good for business , " Dergarabedian said . The holiday weekend also featured the latest example of a disturbing trend : the second-weekend slump . Historically , most films do n't drop much more than 50 % in their sophomore frames , but "  Transformers : Age of Extinction " fell more than 60 % . So did "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " and "  Godzilla . " That 's led to a revolving door of No. 1 movies : "  Transformers " is the first film of the year to spend more than one weekend as box office champ since "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier " in April . 2013 did have a few high-profile , big-budget flops , observes Dergarabedian . Hollywood has n't suffered through an "  After Earth " or a "  Lone Ranger " this year . But plenty of 2014 films have failed to meet expectations , such as the well-reviewed Tom Cruise action flick "  Edge of Tomorrow . " "  It 's over $ 300 million worldwide , so Tom Cruise is still a movie star worldwide , but in North America , even Tom Cruise could n't get a number one debut , " as "  Edge " fell to the teen weeper "  The Fault in Our Stars , " Dergarabedian recalled . "  How To Train Your Dragon 2 " has also failed to soar as high as expected , despite not much competition for family audiences . Indeed , Dergarabedian says that lack of competition may have reduced the demand for "  Dragon . " "  Moviegoing begets more moviegoing , right ? So if you have more product out there , it gets people enthused , it gets families enthused about going out to the movie theater , and when you do n't have a lot of family films there , it kind of slows that momentum down , " he explained . And there 's not much relief on the horizon : "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes " figures to take over the top spot from "  Transformers " this weekend , and Dergarabedian sees "  The Purge : Anarchy " and "  Guardians of the Galaxy " as other summer bright spots , but none of them figures to help Hollywood dig out of this hole . In fact , the summer movies that have everyone talking are next summer 's expected hits : The "  Fantastic Four " reboot , "  Batman v. Superman , " "  Fast & Furious 7 " and "  Jurassic World , " with "  Star Wars : Episode VII " following in December , have studio execs wishing the calendar read 2015 already . But Dergarabedian has n't given up on this summer just yet . "  If you put a big movie into the marketplace , market it well , get that buzz going , you can have big box office , " he said . "  This could all turn around almost overnight . All we need is two or three movies to perform well beyond expectations , and it could turn this around . " Your move , Hollywood . Madison Conklin , special to CNN , contributed to this report .	Summer is usually a time of blockbuster successes , but summer 2014 has seen a shift Box office figures are down nearly 20 % from 2013 "  Transformers " is first movie to have repeat No. 1 weekends since "  Captain America " in April Only three movies have broken $ 200 million , compared with seven last year
CNN  -- President Obama is immensely popular overseas and his re-election will be welcomed by many . But how will his second-term agenda differ from the first ? And what will it mean for a global economy where growth in emerging markets is hesitant , and a massive sovereign debt crisis continues to brew in Europe ? Read more : Five things Obama must do One thing is certain . In the immediate aftermath of a grueling and divisive campaign , and confronted with a national emergency -- the fall off the "  fiscal cliff " -- Obama 's immediate priorities will be domestic , not international . Drawing on the authority conveyed by electoral victory , he will seek to establish a constructive dialogue with Republicans who continue to control the House of Representatives and who can filibuster his agenda in the Senate , just as before . Above all , he will seek to avoid large tax increases and expenditure cuts worth about 4 % of GDP that will be triggered automatically on January 1 next year , should he fail to reach agreement on a long - term plan of fiscal consolidation worth some $ 3.5 trillion to $ 4 trillion over 10 years . Read more : World worries as U.S. fiscal cliff looms If the U.S. falls off this fiscal cliff into recession , the outlook for the world economy , already gloomy , will darken further . The task of keeping the eurozone afloat , amid scared investors and depression-level unemployment in Spain and Greece , will become even harder . The risk of a renewed global banking crisis triggered by sovereign defaults in Europe would escalate sharply . Nor could the U.S. or Europe deploy the policy arsenal they possessed in 2008 to right the ship -- their fiscal and monetary bullets have been spent . Confronted with this dire alternative , Obama will have to compromise by accepting a program of long-term cuts in social programs while Republicans accept phased tax increases -- both departing from their diametrically opposed electoral platforms . As a minimum , this compromise will include a claw back of the payroll tax reduction , and of extended unemployment benefits as well as some expenditure cuts , adding up to 1 % to 2 % of U.S. GDP in 2013 . The likely effect will be that the recovery will remain sluggish , and the world 's growth locomotives will again have to be found , if anywhere , in China and other emerging markets . Quest : Which way will economy go ? The uncertainty surrounding the U.S. fiscal outlook is likely to persist for several months and if , as is possible , the only feasible compromise turns out to be temporary , new fiscal cliffs may loom in the future , extending the uncertainty over years to come . This outcome is possible because the election outcome has not fundamentally altered the balance of forces . An obvious implication is that the U.S. will remain fiscally bound as far as the eye can see . Europeans will have to rely on their own resource to deal with their dangerous crisis , with the U.S. urging action and support through IMF involvement , but without providing money for rescue programs either directly or indirectly through the IMF . Read more : Second Obama term would confront fiscal crisis before inauguration Resources for international aid will remain scarce and may be cut along with other programs . With the Europeans and the Japanese also retrenching , international organizations will increasingly look to China and other emerging markets for additional funds and new initiatives , buttressing the influence of the rising powers in their deliberations . Perhaps fortified by weather events such as Hurricane Sandy , Obama 's second term may bring renewed efforts to encourage control of carbon emissions through environmental regulation , which could yield some modest results . However , given the profound skepticism about climate change in many quarters , the array of special interests in favor of fossil fuels , and the simple fact that the median American family has seen its living standards decline over many years , the appetite for increased gasoline or other carbon taxes will be low . The new administration can be expected to pursue the development of shale natural gas  a clean alternative to coal  and reduced reliance on imported energy with alacrity . The positive effect on reduced gas prices in Europe and other regions of these new American technologies is already being felt . Read more : Fiscal cliff looms over campaign climax Increased use of natural gas in lieu of other fuels , and the continued "  dematerialization " of the American economy , will in any event help mitigate the nation 's emissions for a long time to come . One arena where the new term may bring more daring initiatives is trade . This is ground where the administration and the Republicans in Congress may be able to join forces , perhaps as part of a broader bargain that would include tax reforms in support of business , and assistance for workers displaced by trade -- both of which Obama has also advocated . Trade measures will likely include implementation of recently ratified trade agreements , determined pursuit of the Trans-Pacific Partnership , and may include a renewed effort to close on a low-ambition and partial Doha deal . Markets may breathe an immediate sigh of relief that the election did not end in a dead heat or require extensive recounts , or pitted Obama against a Republican senate . Stocks in healthcare and in alternative energy may be boosted more durably by his re-election . But until the deadlock over how , and how quickly , to effect fiscal consolidation is broken for good , and U.S. politics finds a way to address the nation 's structural challenges -- including exploding healthcare costs and its chronically low savings rate -- there is little reason to expect a trend shift in equity prices . For the time being , the U.S. government continues to borrow at the most advantageous rates , in part for lack of better alternatives . Everyone knows this can not last -- how long it will is anyone 's guess . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Uri Dadush	Uri Dadush says Obama will seek to avoid tax increases scheduled for January 2013 If the U.S. falls into recession , the outlook for the world economy will darken , he says The risk of a renewed global banking crisis would escalate sharply , he says
CNN  -- For most people , keeping fit involves an established exercise routine built around a regular weekly schedule . But what if your job involves large amounts of travel ? Many people come back from trips away carrying extra pounds from disruption to regular exercise , as well as an increased tendency to overindulge on business dinners paid for on the company card . According to the World Health Organisation , lack of exercise not only impairs your waistline , but can also reduce energy and concentration levels -- the exact qualities that are required when conducting business abroad . Shani Anderson is a personal trainer and managing director of Anderson Fitness Consultants . The British former Olympian says that with the right foresight , it 's possible to incorporate a healthy regime wherever and however you travel . 1  Do n't treat business travel as a "  holiday " from your health regime There 's a temptation to regard exercise as a means to looking good on holiday , rather than as an ongoing strategy for health and well-being . "  A lot of people diet or work out to go on holiday . And for me that 's a problem , because you have short-term goals , " says Anderson . "  You switch off when you reach the goal , and your body goes ` great , I 'm done ' - and in two weeks you 're back the way you were before . " According to Anderson , this exemplifies the most common obstacle to keeping fit while traveling : Attitude . People tend to perceive trips away from home as in some way separate from the rest of their lives and that therefore the same rules no longer apply . 2  Prepare and do research Before you travel , investigate the best locations for your preferred form of exercise . If you 're into cycling , see if there 's a local bike hire company nearby ; if you 're a jogger , plan the most scenic route to get the most of your new environment . Anderson 's motto is "  plan , plan , plan . " She says that a common trap during hectic business trips is failing to schedule and prioritise your adapted exercise regime before you leave . "  It should be exactly the same process as planning a meeting . You put it in your diary . If you had a meeting at work you would have to be there , it 's the same thing " instructs Anderson . "  It 's a mental battle more than anything else . " 3  Bring portable fitness equipment Sometimes there simply wo n't be an opportunity to access a gym . If so , there is an extensive range of portable exercise equipment , from simple skip ropes to more sophisticated gadgets -- such as the magnetic tension mini-bike . For Anderson 's money , the tiny TRX suspension system is hard to beat . "  It 's basically using gravity against your ankle , it 's a nice idea . It 's completely portable . You can even put it in your handbag . I use it a lot . " 4  Do n't overindulge at business dinners There 's no getting away from it -- maintaining a healthy diet during a business trip is a challenge . There 's little or no opportunity to prepare your own meals and the most delicious eat-out options will rarely flatter your physique the following day . This , combined with a generous expenses card , is a recipe for disaster . Anderson , though , has a few simple tricks : "  Instead of using calories , you look at your plate , and put your fist next to your carbohydrate section and it should be the same size , " she says . "  The size and thickness of your palm is the amount of protein you can eat . So it would be the size of a chicken fillet or turkey . " Additionally , you can prevent yourself gorging out at the end of a long day by making sure you eat small amounts at regular intervals . ` It 's all about not getting hungry . People starve themselves thinking it 's going help , but it really does n't , especially if you 're travelling , " explains Anderson . 5  Take advantage of hotel fitness services Malcolm Hendry is general manager of London 's prestigious Hotel 41 . They have introduced a "  sports buddy " program , whereby staff with particular sporting skills are teamed-up with guests keen to keep fit during their stay . "  It came along about seven years ago , " he says . "  We had two guests that were very keen sports people . But they were single travellers -- and things like playing tennis and squash , you need another person to play with . " His hotel reflects a growing trend within the hospitality industry to provide high quality , bespoke fitness options . "  We think a bit more about the health and fitness of our guests than we did 30 years ago , " he notes . "  We got a great gym and we got great relationships with local places ... and I have about a dozen people on my team who play sports from golf , through horse riding , squash , tennis to cycling . " So , if Hendry has his way , trips abroad will no longer be occasions where you escape from exercise , but where you go especially to keep fit .	Many people come back from trips abroad carrying a few extra pounds Disruption of regular exercise regime and extra business dinners partly to blame Fitness consultant Shani Anderson offers her tips for keeping fit on the road Careful preparation , portable fitness equipment and extra discipline are key
CNN  -- A Michigan man was arraigned Saturday as part of an investigation into the deaths of women linked to a website that hosts ads for escort services . James Brown , 24 , mumbled his name with his head down while appearing via video during Saturday 's session at Michigan 's 36th District Court in Detroit . He is charged with disinterring dead bodies and arson in relation to the deaths of Demesha Hunt , Renisha Landers , Natasha Curtis and Vernithea McCrary . He is a suspect in the killings of each of the four women , who were found dead on Detroit 's east side last December , a prosecutor said in court . But he has not yet been charged with murder . Detroit police Chief Ralph Godbee later explained that one reason murder charges have n't been filed is that , while all the bodies were found in his city , the women were n't necessarily killed there . Legally , a charge is filed in the jurisdiction where the crime occurred . "  We have reason to believe that the deaths did not occur within the city of Detroit proper , " Godbee told reporters Saturday . "  Anybody  who  thinks Detroit is their dumping ground , they 're sadly mistaken . " Hunt , 25 , and Landers , 24 , were found December 19 in the trunk of Landers ' Chrysler 300 . Days later on Christmas Day , the bodies of Curtis and McCrary were located in the trunk of a car that had been set ablaze . At least three of the women placed advertisements dealing with "  prearranged adult dating services " on Backpage.com , Godbee told reporters last December . The police chief called the ads -- where postings on the escort section cost $ 1 -- as "  borderline prostitution . " A lawyer for Backpage.com , Steve Suskin , said then that the company 's website did n't necessarily have anything to do with the women or their deaths . He insisted that investigators had seen "  at least 30 different  pertinent  ads or other postings on at least 15 different websites , separate and distinct from ours . " Around 6 a.m. Tuesday , authorities arrested Brown and "  another black male , age 32 " about 20 miles north of Detroit in Sterling Heights , Michigan , Detroit police said in a statement Saturday . The other man was later released , police said , but the Wayne County Prosecutor 's Office decided to press charges against Brown . He is being held on $ 1 million bond , according to police . Even without murder charges being filed , some of the victims ' family members expressed satisfaction Saturday that the case appears to be moving forward . "  We 've been waiting for four months , and we 're just grateful , " Chikita Madison told CNN Detroit affiliate WXYZ , describing her daughter Landers and niece Hunt as "  good girls . " "  We want justice , we want closure . " Landers ' uncle , Leon Mims , said that he and other relatives hope that Brown 's arrest will spur the investigation , including determining key details and whether others might have been involved . "  Hopefully , the house of cards will start falling now , " Mims told WXYZ . "  Hopefully , we 'll get to the bottom of it , we 'll get to the murder part of this . "	James Brown , 24 , is charged and held on $ 1 million bond in Michigan , police say The counts are tied to an investigation into the deaths of four women They posted online ads for escort services before their deaths , police say Their bodies were found in Detroit ; the police chief says they likely died elsewhere
Copiapo , Chile  CNN  -- For one trapped miner in a collapsed mine in Chile , "  Hope " weighs only 7 pounds . Esperanza , which means hope in Spanish , is the name of Ariel Ticona 's baby girl . She is also believed to be the first child born to any of the 33 miners during their nightmarish weeks buried underground . Esperanza was born Tuesday in a hospital about an hour 's drive down a winding mountain road from the mine where her father is trapped . Ticona and his wife , Elizabeth Segovia , learned they were having a girl the day before the mine cave-in . They had planned to call her Carolina . The girl 's birth was not just a celebration for Ticona , his father said . "  Immediately it gave all the miners there a lot of excitement , " Hector Ticona said . "  They were all very happy about her birth and that she will be called Esperanza . " The day after the birth , Hector Ticona carried Chilean newspapers he was saving for his son with front-page photos of Elizabeth holding the new baby . The story of the baby 's birth has been reported as far away as New Zealand , Germany and Singapore , and Esperanza has become a symbol that life continues for the miners despite their underground imprisonment . Photos released from their hospital room showed a tiny baby , her eyes shut tight and with no idea that she is already famous at birth . The decision to change her name arrived to Ticona in the mine 's depths . That all the miners had survived the cave-in and then the 17 days it took rescuers to drill the holes that found them was already miraculous . But their continued physical and mental well-being was far from assured . Faced with the fact that he and his fellow workers were about to experience an isolating darkness that no one had ever endured before , Ticona put pen to paper . The letter he wrote reached his family through what the Chileans call "  palomas , " metal tubes that carry food , supplies and messages to the trapped men . "  He said , ` What if we call her Hope ? ' " Hector Ticona recalled . "  Hope for the camp backing us , hope for getting us out of here , hope to keep fighting for my daughter , hope to unite my family . ' " Ticona 's wife agreed to the new name . For her , though , the experience would be a tug of war between worrying for her unborn child and for her trapped husband . "  I have been talking to her and telling her Daddy 's OK , " Segovia told CNN a few weeks before she gave birth . "  I ca n't cry because she would feel everything . " Before the mine collapse , Ticona promised Segovia he would be in the room when she gave birth . He had not been present for the births of their two sons , one time because he wanted to watch a beloved soccer team play and the other time because of "  squeamishness , " Segovia said . Segovia decided to have the birth of their daughter videotaped . But videotaping a natural birth was against hospital policy . So , to get around the policy , she had a Caesarean section on camera . Family members say mother and daughter have been released from the hospital and are doing fine . Over a video conference system that is one of their links to the outside world , Ticona was shown the birth of his daughter , deep in the mine . "  We sent the video and Ariel was very happy , " engineer Rene Aguilar said . "  It was a very beautiful moment for them . " Around Camp Hope , the encampment that runs up the entrance to the mine where many families have moved to wait out the miners ' rescue , word of Esperanza 's birth brought joy . As she sat in a light blue tent at Camp Hope , Nelly Burgueño said it is a joy she hopes to experience herself soon . Her son , trapped miner Victor Zamora , and his wife also are expecting a daughter . When the girl is born in six months ' time , Burgueño said , the couple has decided to call her Paz Victoria , or Peace Victory . "  I am going to be a father , " Burgueño said her son wrote her . "  I am happiest man in the world even though I am in the depths of the earth . I want to share this happiness with everyone in the world , with you , Mom , and my brothers . " Burgueño said her son has been "  reborn . " "  He wrote me , " she said , "  that even in the deepest part of the earth there shines light . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul and Esprit Smith contributed reporting to this article .	Wife of trapped miner in Chile gives birth to third child Couple names daughter Esperanza , which means hope Woman evades hospital 's no-recording rule by having Caesarean Second couple also expecting
Havana  CNN  -- Cuba denied on Monday that the recent death of a dissident was caused by a police beating and accused "  counterrevolutionaries " and the foreign media of "  fabricating lies . " Juan Wilfredo Soto died in a hospital on Sunday in the central city of Santa Clara . He had been detained by police three days earlier . Fellow dissidents accused police of beating him and causing his death . The Arnaldo Milian Hospital said he had died of pancreatitis . The state-run , Spanish-language website www.cubadebate.cu repeated those claims in an article posted on Monday night titled "  A press release from the Cuban government : Cuba denies the campaign about the death of Juan Wilfredo Soto Garcia . " According to the article , Soto died a "  natural death " brought on by an "  acute pancreatitis . " "  There were no internal or external signs of violence , " the article said . According to Lizet Zamora , an anti-government activist also from Santa Clara , the police are to blame . "  We know his death was caused by the police beating , " she told CNN by telephone . Zamora attended Soto 's funeral . According to Zamora and other dissidents , Soto was detained by police on Thursday and was beaten in public view in a park when he tried to resist arrest . She said she saw a cell phone recording of the beating . The state-run website confirmed that Soto had been detained , but said he was released "  three hours later without any incident whatsoever . " Soto was not well-known outside of Santa Clara , but according to Zamora , he was active within the dissident community there . His funeral was held on Sunday . The article accused the foreign media , "  fundamentally from Europe and the United States , " of amplifying lies told by dissidents . "  External and internal enemies try to distort the Cuban reality and undermine the international prestige of the Revolution and its moral strength , " the article concluded .	Juan Wilfredo Soto died in a hospital on Sunday in central Cuban city of Santa Clara State-run website says Soto was detained , but released three hours later without incident Fellow dissidents say Soto was beaten by police , who caused his death Arnaldo Milian Hospital said he had died of pancreatitis
CNN  -- Alvin E. Roth of Harvard University and Lloyd Shapley of UCLA have been awarded the Nobel Prize in economics for their work in market design and matching theory , the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences announced Monday . Roth and Shapley 's work focuses on finding the most efficient way to match parties in a transaction , whether it be students to schools or organ donors to recipients , according to the academy . Shapley used game theory to study matching models , and Roth built on them to make real-world changes to existing markets , including school choice and organ transplants , the academy said . Elements of their work are built into software that guides kidney donations in the United States , as well as in school choice models in New York , Boston , New Orleans and other U.S. cities , Roth told reporters Monday . Roth , who was awakened by an early morning call about their win , said he was not expecting the prize but was honored to share it with Shapley . "  I 'm sure when I go to the class this morning my students will pay more attention , " he said . The economics prize is the sixth and final of the annual awards that spotlight the world 's top scholars and peacemakers . The economics award was not among the original prizes created in 1895 by Swedish industrialist Alfred Nobel to honor work in physics , medicine , chemistry , literature and peace . It was added as a category in 1969 by the Swedish central bank in memory of the industrialist . As such , the economics prize is given by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences , following the same principles used to determine the other Nobel Prize winners , according to the Nobel committee . The monetary award that accompanies the Nobel Prize was lowered by the foundation this year by 20 % from 10 million Swedish kronor  $ 1.5 million  to 8 million kronor  $ 1.2 million  because of the turbulence that hit the financial markets . The economics selection follows last week 's awarding of the Nobel Peace Prize to the European Union , a selection that surprised many and drew scorn from Italian and Greek demonstrators who took to the streets to protest austerity measures . Opinion : Nobel Committee wasted an opportunity in its Peace Prize The 27-nation union was honored for its work in promoting democracy and reconciliation following World War II , even as it grapples with a financial crisis that threatens to break the EU apart . Opinion : Why Europe deserved Peace Prize "  The Nobel committee is a little late for an April fools joke , " said Martin Callanan , leader of the Conservatives and Reformists party in the European Parliament . While Callanan called the Nobel committee "  out of touch , " others applauded the selection . Another surprise was the Nobel committee 's selection of Chinese writer Mo Yan as the winner of the Nobel Prize for literature . The Chinese author , whose pen name means "  not talking , " has captivated his countrymen by intertwining fantasy and gritty everyday life . Mo , a Communist Party member , is considered a writer within the system and has embraced official party restrictions on writing . He also was elected by the Communist Party to a vice chairman spot in the state-sanctioned China Writers Association . Unlike the news blackout in China two years ago when Chinese dissident Liu Xiabo won the Nobel Peace Prize , state-run media reported Mo 's win immediately following the announcement . Patrick Poon of the Independent Chinese Pen Center said the award by the Nobel committee appeared to be a recognition of -- or attempt to please -- the Chinese government . This year 's prize for economics was selected from among hundreds of nominations , the Nobel committee said . Two Americans shared the prize last year for their study of the cause-and-effect relationship between government and economic policy . Thomas Sargent , a professor at New York University , and Christopher Sims , a professor at Princeton University , carried out their research independently , though their work was considered complementary . Sargent and Sims received their doctorates from Harvard in 1968 . Read more : Nobel Peace Prize winner rips into fellow laureate over corruption CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. economists win prize for study of market design and matching theory NEW : Their work is used in education and organ transplants , among other things Economics was added as a category in 1969 by the Swedish central bank Two American professors also shared the 2011 Nobel Prize for economics
CNN  Turkey has arrested a person -- working for an undisclosed nation 's intelligence service -- on suspicion of helping three British girls who are thought to have entered Syria to join ISIS , Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu said Thursday . This person was working for a country that is part of an international anti-ISIS coalition , Cavusoglu said . Separately , a Turkish official speaking on condition of anonymity said that the suspect is not Turkish , and is not a citizen of the country for which he was working . Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West ? Britain 's Foreign Office on Thursday released a statement about the arrest . "  We are aware that an arrest has been made by the Turkish National Police and that the Metropolitan Police have informed the families of the three girls , " the statement read . "  There has been close cooperation between ourselves and the Turkish authorities , and the Foreign Secretary is in regular contact with his Turkish counterpart . As soon as the UK received this information it was acted upon appropriately . " Girls ' ISIS checklist : Makeup , underwear CNN 's Atika Shubert contributed to this report from London .	The person was working for a country that 's part of an anti-ISIS coalition , official says The "  Metropolitan Police have informed the families of the three girls , " UK says
CNN  -- For decades they have been showered with abuse from almost every corner of the football ground ; from managers , players and fans alike . But it seems that Scottish referees have blown the whistle and decided that enough is enough . Next weekend officials from the Scottish Premier League  SPL  have voted to stage a walkout in protest at what they see as an unacceptable level of abuse they have received in recent months , abuse that they believe has threatened their safety . The Scottish Football Association  SFA  immediately vowed to avert the planned action with president George Peat calling the referees ' decision "  a sad day for Scottish football . " He told reporters : "  We will do everything we possibly can to broker a deal before the weekend because it 's obviously important that officials are on duty . "  We do not condone the strike but we must sympathize with the grievances of the referees . It 's built up until they could take no more . "  The behavior of some people in recent weeks has tarnished the image of Scottish football . It has demeaned the game . The climate of inference , innuendo and conspiracy theories must stop . " There have also been reports of referees receiving death threats and being abused in the street by supporters . Last week , the Scottish National Party 's sport spokesman , MP Pete Wishart , suggested SPL referees should be forced to declare which team they support , an idea backed by Celtic chairman John Reid . Celtic have been at the forefront of the debate , with Reid last week calling for the resignation of referee Dougie McDonald after a controversial incident during the club 's 2-1 victory at Dundee United on October 17 . McDonald reversed his decision to award Celtic a penalty after claiming his assistant Steve Craven had alerted him to the mistake . But McDonald later admitted that it was he alone who overturned the decision and was warned by the SFA as a result . Reid was quoted as saying : "  If the SFA had any sense of their own integrity , they should look at it again . His position is completely untenable . The SFA 's position on this issue is also untenable . " At his press conference Peat called Reid 's remarks "  unhelpful " and insinuated Celtic 's behavior over the past few weeks had contributed to the referees ' decision to strike . Peat said he hoped the strike would be called off but admitted that the SFA would look at bringing officials in from other parts of the UK in a bid to ensure this weekend 's matches go ahead .	Scotland 's top referees vote to go on strike after their integrity is questioned by clubs Officials have come in for sustained criticism from top flight clubs in recent weeks SFA president George Peat called it a "  sad day for Scottish football " Celtic last week called for the resignation of referee Dougie McDonald
CNN  -- For three weeks , Dr. William Petit went to a courtroom and re-lived the day he was attacked and his wife and daughters were killed in their Connecticut home . He calmly testified about being beaten awake from a nap and being taken to his basement tied up , not knowing what was happening to his family upstairs . He rarely left the New Haven courtroom , once excusing himself when a medical examiner testified . He listened stoically Tuesday after one of the accused was found guilty of capital murder . Now Petit will go through it in court all over again . Steven Hayes ' penalty phase is ahead , and a second defendant will face trial afterward . "  People keep asking that question , why do you do it or how do you do it , " Petit said after Hayes ' verdicts were read Tuesday . " ... I think that you probably would all do the same thing for your families if your family was destroyed by evil . " Hayes , 47 , was convicted on 16 of the 17 charges against him in connection with the deaths of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and her two daughters , including nine counts of murder and capital murder and four counts of kidnapping . The jurors acquitted him of an arson charge in the burning of the family 's home . The killings of Hawke-Petit , 17-year-old Hayley Petit and 11-year-old Michaela Petit happened in the New Haven suburb of Cheshire on the morning of July 23 , 2007 . Prosecutors said Hayes and co-defendant Joshua Komisarjevsky entered the home the previous night , beat and bound Petit and attacked his wife and daughters before setting their home on fire . Komisarjevsky , 30 , will be tried separately , and prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for Hayes . Petit and other family members -- including Hawke-Petit 's parents , who 'd come up from Florida -- attended every session of Hayes ' trial , which began September 13 . Petit indicated he would attend Hayes ' penalty phase , which begins October 18 , and Komisarjevsky 's trial . Being in the courtroom every day with the rest of his family was the one thing Petit felt he could do about that day in 2007 , he told reporters Tuesday . "  Do I look forward to the ride every day ? No , " he said . "  I have a little nausea every time I get off the exit ramp , -LSB- and -RSB- a little nausea every time I get out of the car and walk across the street . I think I do it for my family , but I think all of you ... would do the same thing for your families . " Petit , an endocrinologist , testified on September 14 that he had fallen asleep in his home 's sunroom as his wife and daughters were watching television July 22 , 2007 . He awoke as blood ran from a gash on his head , he said . "  I sort of awoke in a daze . ... The next thing I knew I was seated on the middle of the sofa , with my head down -LSB- and -RSB- there was something warm running down the side of my face , " he testified . Petit testified that the attackers told him to lie down on the couch "  and tied my hands at the wrists and my feet at the ankles " and covered his head with a piece of fabric . He was told he 'd be shot if he moved , and eventually he was led to the basement , where he was tied to a pole by a rope around his chest and waist , his hands still bound with plastic zip ties , he testified . Prosecutors said Hayes took Hawke-Petit to a bank , where she withdrew $ 15,000 . She was eventually found inside the home raped and strangled , authorities said . The attackers tied the girls to their beds and put a pillowcase over their heads , prosecutors said . After getting the money from the bank , the attackers set the home on fire and fled , prosecutors said . Inside the home , the two daughters , one of whom had been sexually assaulted , died of smoke inhalation , authorities said . Before the fire , Petit was able to untie the rope on his hands and break the plastic ties , but could n't undo his feet . He said he heard "  three loud noises , like someone was throwing 20 - or 30-pound sacks on the living room floor . " Petit testified he heard a "  whoosh " sound shortly afterward . Fearing for his family 's safety , Petit , still bound by his feet , hopped up his basement steps , left the home and headed for a nearby house , where he alerted a neighbor and asked him to call 911 . Prosecutors say the attackers put gasoline in several plastic gallon-size jugs found at the house to start the fire in the home . During Hayes ' trial , jurors were visibly stunned when they were shown pictures of the victims ' burned remains , and at least one wept . Helen Ubiñas , a Hartford Courant columnist who covered the trial , told CNN that the testimony and evidence made the trial "  an incredibly grueling ordeal for the family and for the jury . " CNN asked Ubiñas if she was surprised by Petit 's stoicism in court . "  I think that 's the one thing that many of us have been asking . We 've been in awe of not just Dr. Petit , who of course has shown tremendous strength and grace through all this , but the whole Hawke and Petit families , I think , have shown the strength that many of us just wonder -LSB- if -RSB- we would have if we were put in that same situation . " Petit , asked after Tuesday 's verdicts whether what happens to Hayes now matters to him , said that "  what matters to me most is my family and my memories of my family . " "  Over the last couple of weeks , I just kept trying to tell myself that good will overcome evil , and we 'll keep trying to do good things and -LSB- I 'll -RSB- try to refocus myself on the positive and stay away from the negative , " he said . In Session 's Michael Christian and Swetha Iyengar and CNN 's Brooke Baldwin and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	Dr. William Petit addresses difficulty of attending trial of man convicted of killing Petit 's family Steven Hayes is convicted of capital murder , could face the death penalty "  I have a little nausea every time I get out of the car " and go to court , Petit says Petit survived home invasion in which his wife , daughters were killed in 2007
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- Nepal 's former crown prince was arrested Tuesday on charges of firing a pistol in a public place and threatening others , authorities said . Paras Shah allegedly fired several rounds at Rubel Chaudhary , a Bangladeshi national and the son-in-law of Nepal 's deputy prime minister Sujata Koirala , after an argument Saturday in a wildlife resort in Chitwan , about 100 kilometers  62 miles  south of Kathmandu , according to reports . No one was injured . "  The ex-prince took out a pistol and started to open fire , accusing the Koirala family of conspiring to abolish the monarchy in this country , " Chaudhary said Monday , according to media reports . Police spokesman Bigyan Raj Sharma told CNN the investigation is ongoing . Koirala 's Nepali Congress party , the nation 's second-biggest political party , demanded Shah 's arrest on Monday . He was arrested in the tourist resort of Pokhara , about 200 kilometers  124 miles  west of Kathmandu , and police were questioning him , according to Ramesh Kharel , superintendent of police . Shah , 39 , traveled to Pokhara from Chitwan on Sunday following the incident . Nepal abolished the monarchy in 2008 , and members of the royal family became commoners . At the time , Koirala 's father , Girija Prasad Koirala , was the prime minister . The hard-partying Shah reportedly has a history of reckless behavior . There have been previous reports of his using firearms in public places in the past . He was also believed to have killed a popular singer , striking him with his car , about a decade ago , when Nepal 's monarchy was in place . However , Tuesday was the first time police have arrested Shah , who splits his time between Kathmandu and Singapore .	Paras Shah allegedly fired a pistol at the son-in-law of the deputy prime minister Shah accused him of conspiring to abolish the country 's monarchy The former crown prince has a history of reckless behavior
CNN  Pushed to his limits , a college professor took the extreme measure of threatening to fail his entire class . In an email to his students , Irwin Horwitz accused them of "  backstabbing , game playing , cheating , lying , fighting . " The professor at the Texas A&M University Galveston Campus expected his missive would create some conflict , but that it could then be resolved quickly -- and quietly . Those hopes were dashed when one report by local media mushroomed into a tornado of nationwide coverage . The story went viral . Suddenly , his name was spreading on Twitter , Facebook and Reddit , accompanied by the kind of strong , unvarnished opinions that you can make about people you 've never met . He was a hero who taught today 's entitled youth a much-needed lesson , or an egotistical nightmare of a teacher who threw a fit . One thing was certain : He , and his employer , were now thrust into a spotlight that neither had asked for . "  I did what I did without any intention of seeing this in the news or seeing this on the Internet , " Horwitz said . "  I will stand by what I did , but I 'm not career suicidal . " Texas A&M says Horwitz remains an employee and that no one has asked him to stop teaching . But Horwitz , a nontenure-track professor in the maritime administration program , is afraid the notoriety will cost him this job and future jobs . Horwitz said his intent was not to be controversial , and the sharply worded email to students was not his first about the class . The day before writing to his students , Horwitz wrote a similar email to the CEO of the Texas A&M Galveston Campus and to the school 's chief academic officer . "  I have never in my capacity as an academic ever encountered a class as completely disgraceful , dishonest and disrespectful " as his current strategic management class , he wrote to the administrators . He accused the students of shirking responsibility , making excuses and complaining their way to better grades . He would no longer teach the course and would fail the entire class , Horwitz wrote . "  The class of graduating seniors is nothing more than a circus that is anything but academic , " he wrote . "  But they are your problem now . " It was the next day that Horwitz wrote to the students , calling the class "  an embarrassment in general , " and said that "  I am frankly and completely disgusted . " Once his words echoed in traditional and social media , the narrative -- angry prof flunks entire class -- might as well have been set in stone . The story was such a talker that even The Onion offered a parody . "  I 'm not looking to fail students , " Horwitz said . "  I do n't get a bonus for failing students . " "  The letter sounded a little bit more definite than I wanted it to , " he added . He never actually changed anyone 's grade . There were some students he was n't going to fail , he said , and some who were on the border who could have pulled themselves out . But Horwitz stands by his tough stance ; there was an issue of competency and of professionalism that had to be addressed , he said . The course in question is a capstone course for a maritime administration degree and is supposed to merge what the students learned in their other business courses . "  I had a large majority of people taking the capstone course who could not do a break-even analysis , " the professor said . "  If you can not do a break-even analysis , then you do n't deserve a bachelor 's degree in business . " His other complaint was about professionalism . Horwitz said students would swear at him , cheat and spread rumors about him online . This is related to their grades , he said , because dealing with people you do n't like is a business skill . On online message boards , users claiming to be students in the class accused the professor of exaggerating the situation or fabricating parts of his story . One purported student called Horwitz "  a little obnoxious , " but said he is a good teacher and fair if you follow his rules . Should the professor have been surprised that his email went viral ? The fiery language and strong allegations were likely to be news if the email went public , but maybe there is more to it . The situation hits on a popular argument on the media and Internet : What do we think of millennials ? Reflecting on his most recent class , Horwitz said there is some truth to stereotypes of millennials as entitled and pampered . He mentioned the overdependence of students on cell phones and other electronics , and the power those devices have to interrupt concentration . The other factor is a failure of K-12 education , said Horwitz , who has met college students who do n't know how to convert fractions to decimals . "  What I 'm trying to do is to give an honest assessment of their performance , " he said . In a statement , Patrick Louchouarn , the vice president for academic affairs and chief academic officer at Texas A&M Galveston Campus , said the entire class will not be failed . "  Each student will receive an individual grade based upon work completed during the semester , " Louchouarn said . "  The university is listening to concerns about this issue from students and faculty and will address them according to our policies . " The flurry of attention is unwelcome and Horwitz fears it will affect his career in academia . But it 's likely his story will have a short shelf life . People probably will forget about it and turn their attention to the next grabby headline . But he said he thinks this episode will follow him everywhere . He said he feels a public shaming of sorts . Online public shaming has become a research topic of its own . People who have been pilloried online for comments they made wonder if they will get a second chance . "  This is really destroying my life , " Horwitz said .	Irwin Horwitz threatens to fail his entire class His fiery email goes viral ; he now wonders if the unwanted attention will affect his career
CNN  -- When FIFA named Qatar as the host nation for the 2022 World Cup finals , it vindicated the gulf nation 's continued determination to become one of the key players in the realm of sport by using its considerable economic resources . The decision by world football 's governing body was not met with widespread approval . Traditionalists argued that the kingdom , with a population of just 1.85 million of which only 300,000 are Qatari citizens , had never qualified for a World Cup finals and had no discernible history in the sport . Yet the power and influence generated by the oil-rich nation swung the vote Qatar 's way and , in 10 years ' time , football 's showpiece tournament will be played in an Arab country for the first time since its inception in 1930 . The Qatari influence in sport is growing year by year and , by the time 2022 is upon us , the portfolio of sporting franchises and sporting events owned by the nation will undoubtedly be even more impressive than it is today . In football , Qataris own Spanish club Malaga and French giants Paris Saint-Germain . They also host major events in tennis , golf and cycling and are one of the five bidders to host the 2020 Olympic Games , as well as establishing the Aspire sports academy , one of the most prestigious facilities of its kind in the world . But why are Qataris so heavily involved in the sporting world ? And what do they hope to achieve ? "  When Qatar discovered their huge gas reserves they invested millions in sport , raising their worldwide profile by buying athletes and footballers and giving them Qatari citizenship , " Middle East football expert James Montague , author of the book "  When Friday Comes -- Football In the Warzone , " told CNN . "  Several Uruguayan players were paid lots of money to switch countries , but this proved a disaster with the national team still failing to qualify for the 2006 World Cup finals , . "  That did n't work , so the next way to qualify was to actually host the tournament and raise their profile by buying football clubs . Now they are spending billions on its infrastructure to ensure Qatar is synonymous with sporting and football excellence . " Sheikh Saoud Bin Abdulrahman Al-Thani , secretary general of Qatar 's Olympic Committee , offers an insight into why the nation , and its ruling royal family , is such a major force in the sporting world . "  Sport has huge power and , for a nation like Qatar that has such widespread diversities , in many ways it can put us on the world map , " he told CNN 's Future Cities show . "  When you organize a big event it brings people from all over the world into your country , and with that comes an exchanging of cultures and a lot of media coverage . "  Sports tourism is also a massive business at the moment . In Qatar we are organizing more than 30 events a year and the economy being generated on the back of these events is massive . " Another Qatari-owned organization is TV channel Al Jazeera . Since its launch in 1996 as an Arabic news and current affairs satellite station , the channel has expanded rapidly over the years and has now become a serious bidder in the TV sports rights market . This was illustrated at the end of last year when it outbid French pay-TV operator Canal Plus to screen UEFA Champions League matches exclusively in France for the next three years . Having also won the rights to show French domestic league football from next season , allied to the ownership of Ligue 1 title challengers PSG , it is clear that Qatar now has a huge presence in that country . Football journalist Julien Laurens says Qatar 's influence in French football , and PSG in particular , is not necessarily a good thing . "  The Qatari influence in French football is massive at the moment , although it does seem to create a conflict of interest as they own the biggest club as well as also owning the TV rights to the league that club plays in , " he told CNN . "  There is no doubt that a revolution is currently taking place within the French game , but the Qataris have been lured to PSG by the glamor and prestige of the capital city and there is a danger that the league could become all about that one team for many years to come . " Laurens added : "  We did n't expect PSG to dominate things so quickly but they are already splashing the cash , which is creating a huge gap between them and the rest of the clubs . "  It was easy for them to take over a French club and lead them to the top straight away , it would not have been as easy in England , Spain or Italy . " Although Qatari businessmen now have a strong foothold in French and Spanish football , they remain without a key base in the English Premier League , which boasts the highest attendance figures in European football . However , according to Montague , that situation might change in the near future , with a massive English institution firmly on Qatar 's radar . And there is a near precedent following the 2008 takeover of Manchester City by an Abu Dhabi consortium . "  The Qatari Investment Authority have been sniffing around Manchester United for a long time , " Montague said . "  I have had conversations in Qatar with prominent people and they have told me that United would fit their profile of wanting to use sport in general , and football in particular , to raise their profile to that of a world power . "  The Glazer family , who currently own United , will sell because they will get a better price from the Qataris . It is n't just a numbers or profit thing with the QIA , they want the institution that United stand for . " It remains to be seen whether United , or indeed any other many English club , comes under Qatari ownership in the near future but , with a World Cup and possible Olympic Games both on the horizon , the tiny gulf state is only going to grow in sporting stature and importance over the next decade .	Qatar is becoming a major player in the world of sport and sport finance The cash-rich Gulf state already owns football clubs Paris St. Germain and Malaga A Qatari investment group has also been linked with a bid for Manchester United Qatar will host the 2022 World Cup and is bidding to stage the 2020 Olympic Games
The future of space travel will depend on our ability to make rockets that can be used more than once , says SpaceX CEO Elon Musk . And on Saturday , he gave a crowd at the South by Southwest Interactive festival the world 's first look at a step in that direction . Musk , whose SpaceX Dragon is currently docked on the International Space Station , showed a packed exhibit hall a two-day-old video of Grasshopper , an experimental rocket . If fully realized , the rocket would propel spacecraft out of the earth 's atmosphere , then flip around , sprout landing gear and return intact to the launch pad . In the video , a 10-story-high Grasshopper rocket did just that -- except for the leaving-the-atmosphere part . It blasted off , hovered , and then set itself down at virtually the same spot where it began . The video , with its Johnny Cash "  Ring of Fire " soundtrack , drew cheers from the crowd . Friday was n't the first time Grasshopper has left the ground , but it was the most ambitious test to date , Musk said . "  With each successive test , we want to go higher and further , " he said . Musk , a festival keynote speaker , made his fortune as the founder of Paypal . From there , he 's taken on private spaceflight as CEO of SpaceX , electric vehicles as CEO and chief designer of Tesla Motors , and solar energy as chairman of Solar City . "  Elon may be the planet 's most exciting entrepreneur , " said SXSW Interactive director Hugh Forrest . Historic launch of private rocket heralds new era During a question-and-answer session with "  3D Robotics " editor-in-chief Chris Anderson , Musk said that affordable commercial space travel will never be possible with the current model , which relies on single-use booster rockets . "  Every mode of transportation we 're used to ... they 're all reusable , but not rockets , " Musk said . "  If we ca n't make rockets reusable , the cost is just prohibitive . " He said a reusable rocket could make space launches 100 times cheaper . The price of fuel , oxygen and the like for a launch currently amounts to just a fraction of 1 % of its overall cost , he said . Musk also recounted the stressful moments around last week 's launch of the unmanned Dragon cargo vessel , which linked up with the Space Station last Sunday . "  It 's extremely nerve-wracking , " he said . "  The thing about a rocket launch is that all your work is distilled into these few minutes , especially the few seconds before liftoff . " The Dragon mission had some extra nail-biting moments . Once in space , three of its four thruster pods malfunctioned . Engineers were able to write new code and beam it to the capsule and "  pressure slam " oxygen into tanks that had failed to oxidize . "  We were sort of trying to give it the spacecraft equivalent of the Heimlich maneuver , " he said . "  It was hardcore . I do n't want to go through that again . " Musk also confirmed that , while he 's in Texas , he 's meeting with state lawmakers about the possibility of building a commercial launch site in the state . Currently , SpaceX -- which both works alongside NASA and counts the agency among its clients -- launches from Cape Canaveral in Florida and Vandenberg Air Force Base in California , which are both government sites . Musk said Texas is the leading candidate for the launch site and that , if things go smoothly , construction could begin as early as next year .	Elon Musk : Commercial space flight wo n't be affordable without reusable rockets CEO of SpaceX gives keynote at South by Southwest Interactive festival The SpaceX Dragon is currently docked at the International Space Station Musk also is CEO and chief designer at Tesla Motors , maker of electric cars
CNN  -- David Villa was top goalscorer at Euro 2008 as Spain secured a first major championship in 44 years , but the world champions ' all-time leading marksman will not be part of next month 's title defense in Poland and Ukraine . Villa , who has scored 51 international goals , has been out of action since December , when he fractured a bone in his left leg while playing for Barcelona at the FIFA Club World Cup . The Spanish Football Federation 's website has confirmed that the 30-year-old will not be fit enough to be part of coach Vicente del Bosque 's 23-man squad , which will be named on Sunday . Who are European football 's ` Most Valuable Players ? ' "  Villa spoke with the national team coach after the team arrived  for a training camp  in Schruns , Austria , " it reported . "  After not getting in the final practice and development desired , David Villa spoke with Del Bosque , who relayed that although it was Villa 's wish to be with the team in Poland and Ukraine , that his physical state was ` not as good ' as would be desirable . " It is the second setback for Del Bosque , who will also be without injured key defender Carles Puyol for the June 8-July 1 tournament . Villa , who scored five goals as Spain won the 2010 World Cup , expressed his gratitude to fans for their continued backing . "  Thanks to all of you for your support , " the former Valencia striker wrote on micro-blogging site Twitter . "  I will continue working to return to play as soon as possible with Barca and the Spanish national team . " Villa 's absence was felt by Barca , who missed out on the Spanish league title for the first time in four years and finished second -- nine points behind archrivals Real Madrid . With Villa unavailable , the door is now open for Fernando Torres to stake a claim for a return to the starting lineup . The Chelsea striker , who scored the only goal as Spain beat Germany 1-0 in the Euro 2008 final , has been called into the squad for Saturday 's friendly against Serbia . Fernando Llorente , the Athletic Bilbao forward who starred during the Basque club 's run to the Europa League final , is also hoping to lead Spain 's frontline . Four Four Two magazine 's Tim Stannard explained how the absence of Villa , captain Carles Puyol and the loss of form of several key players could mean Joachim Low 's Germany are now favorites for the tournament . "  Germany moved into the favorites position , although they do have a very tough group to get through , " said Stannard . "  It 's not just that Puyol is out . Gerard Pique is very much out of form , there are doubts about who is going to play at full back . Iniesta and Pedro are n't in very good form and neither is Fernando Torres . " Stannard tipped Llorente to fill Villa 's boots , although he will first have to emerge unscathed from Bilbao 's Copa del Rey final against Barcelona on Friday . "  The Copa del Rey final is another huge blitz to Del Bosque at the end of a badly organized campaign so far for Spain , " he said . Drawn in Group C , Spain will first face 2006 World Cup winners Italy in Gdansk on June 10 before playing Croatia and the Republic of Ireland .	David Villa is ruled out of Spain 's Euro 2012 campaign with a fractured leg Barcelona striker has been sidelined since December 's Club World Cup The 30-year-old is Spain 's all-time leading scorer , with 51 international goals Fernando Llorente or Fernando Torres could lead Spain 's attack in his place
CNN  -- When Siri , the voice "  assistant " on the iPhone , made its debut in 2011 , it was welcomed as futuristic way to interact with our gadgets . You could ask it simple questions , banter and flirt , or launch applications with one push of a button and without slogging through touchscreen menus . Two years later , Apple is giving Siri a major overhaul as part of Wednesday 's upgrade to its iOS 7 mobile operating system , and it 's marking the occasion by finally dropping Siri 's "  beta " label .  Calling software beta usually means it is still a work in progress and that the company is ironing out any bugs . What else has changed in the full-fledged , non-beta Siri ? The most obvious update is that it has added an option for a male voice . iPhone owners in the UK already had a male Siri voice , but this is the first time it will be available in American English and German , with more languages expected to get their own male versions in the near future . Hands-on impressions of the new iPhones The voice gender can be swapped on the phone by going to Settings > General > Siri . The female voice has also been improved to sound a little more natural . Though Siri 's new male voice is a few octaves lower , the words and answers seem to stay the same . Guy Siri still has the same canned responses to joke questions like "  What are you wearing ? "  "  Aluminosilicate glass and aluminum . Nice , huh ? "  and the phrasing of its answers to real questions does n't seem to change between the male and female settings . Visually , Siri has been overhauled so its design on the phone 's screen is more in line with iOS 7 's flattened look . Instead of a dark gray background sliding up from the bottom , it throws a translucent blurred background over whatever screen is on your phone when you launch Siri . It shows a single wavy line that moves as it registers your voice . Siri has added Twitter and Wikipedia integration , so you can ask to see recent tweets about a hot news story or see the Wikipedia entry for something specific without leaving the Siri interface . You can ask to see what 's trending on Twitter , tweets for a specific hashtag , or simply , "  What 's going on ? " New iPhone hardware , software a boon for gamers Siri has also expanded its powers to include control of common iPhone settings , something that was noticeably missing in beta Siri . You can now turn settings like Bluetooth and Wi-Fi on and off , change your screen brightness , turn on Do Not Disturb or view a specific app 's settings . If you use the new iTunes Radio feature , you can vocally express your enthusiasm or displeasure with specific songs to customize music stations . One of the biggest challenges facing new Siri is some serious competition from Google . Slowly and with less fanfare , Google has been building up its own powerful natural-language voice search in recent years . Although it lacks a catchy anthropomorphic name , Google Voice Search takes on many of the same tasks as Siri . In addition to typical Google search results , it pulls answers from Gmail , Google Calendar and other Google accounts the way Siri does from the e-mail , contacts and calendar apps on the iPhone . Google Voice Search is less chatty , but by cutting out extra words it is sometimes faster to return an answer . It can not be used to control phone settings or launch applications on an iPhone , but if you are a Google Account user it is a legitimate alternative for tasks like calendaring . The competition between the two companies helps explain the new Siri 's most unfortunate change . Siri has dropped Google as its default search engine of choice and switched to Microsoft 's Bing . When a question ca n't be answered by Siri itself or a Wikipedia entry , it will pull up web results from Bing directly in Siri . Unlike in Safari , there 's no way to switch the default search engine to Google . Keeping answers in Siri does save time , however . Previously a Siri Web search would launch Google in Safari , requiring you to unlock the phone . But do n't dismay , Google fans . You can still ask Siri to "  Google " something , and it will launch Safari and do a regular Google search . Opinion : Give Apple your fingerprint ? It 's your call	Apple is updating its Siri voice assistant feature on Wednesday Siri will get an optional male voice and will integrate Twitter and Wikipedia results Siri faces stiff competition from Google 's Voice Search , which can also be used on the iPhone As part of the overhaul , Siri is no longer labeled a "  beta " product
CNN  -- Was the third time a charm for Jim Carrey as the host of "  Saturday Night Live ? " The stakes were pretty high for the elastic-faced funnyman , whose new movie "  Dumb and Dumber To " comes out next month . Preliminary reviews of his SNL performance were mixed , but there 's no denying that Carrey rose to the occasion , leading to some hilarious scenes . He took a trip down memory lane as the SNL cast impersonated his biggest roles in a family reunion , which included a cameo from "  Dumb and Dumber " co-star Jeff Daniels . Other memorable moments included a parody within a parody with his take on actor Matthew McConaughey 's odd Lincoln car commercials . He also showed off his penchant for physical comedy in a dance-off with "  SNL " cast member Kate McKinnon to Sia 's "  Chandelier " music video , complete with nude body suits and a cameo from musical guest Iggy Azalea . Did you catch the episode ? Tell us what you thought in the comments .	Jim Carrey hosts "  Saturday Night Live " for third time "  Dumb and Dumber " co-star Jeff Daniels makes cameo Carrey plays Matthew McConaughey 's role in Lincoln car commercial
CNN  -- If you 've got a spare $ 335 million then Leo Messi could be all yours -- but the Argentine has no intention of leaving Barcelona after pledging his future to the club until 2018 . The 25-year-old has signed a new long-term deal with his buy-out clause remaining at $ 335 million , while he will earn a net salary of $ 14.75 million per year . This is the sixth time in eight seasons that Messi has negotiated a new contract with Barcelona desperate to hold onto its star player . Messi crowned world 's best for record fourth time Four-time World Player of the Year Messi broke all records on the way to scoring an unparalleled 91 goals in 2012 for club and country , surpassing the previous record of 85 set by Germany 's Gerd Muller in 1972 . The move comes after teammates Carles Puyol and Xavi Hernandez both signed new deals with the club . A statement on the Barcelona website said : "  This afternoon Leo Messi extended his contract with FC Barcelona through June 30 of 2018 . Messi joins Xavi and Puyol in agreeing new deals "  The signing ceremony was attended by the player , president Sandro Rosell , vice-president Josep Maria Bartomeu and the director of football Andoni Zubizarreta . "  Messi added two additional years to his existing contract , which was set to expire in June of 2016 . "  The player , who joined the club when he was 13 years old and made his first-team debut three years later , will be 31 when his contract expires . " Messi leads Barcelona to new record Messi agreed the contract at the end of last year but has only just signed it . The Argentina star has scored eight times in Barcelona 's first five La Liga matches of 2013 , including four against Osasuna in a 5-1 win on January 27 . Since making his Barcelona debut in 2003 , he has collected three European Champions League crowns , two FIFA Club World Cup titles , five Spanish league championships and two Copa del Rey medals . Along the way , he has scored more goals for the club in both the Spanish league and European competition than any other player in Barcelona 's illustrious 113-year history .	Leo Messi has signed a new contract with La Liga giant Barcelona Messi has extended his stay at Camp Nou until 2018 Four-time World Player of the Year will earn net salary of $ 14.75 million per year Follows Carles Puyol and Xavi Hernandez in pledging future to the club
CNN  -- After a Boeing 747 Dreamlifter landed at a small airport in Wichita a couple of months ago -- the pilot having mistaken the runway for a much longer and wider one in a similar orientation at a nearby military base -- I made the prediction that it was n't the last time we 'd see such a blunder . I just did n't think it would happen again so soon . But on Sunday , a Southwest 737 crew mistook a runway at a small local airport in Hollister , Missouri , for the much larger runway at nearby , Branson Airport , and landed at the small strip by mistake . To make matters more hair-raising , the 737 touched down on a relatively short runway even for light planes , never mind for airliners . To their credit , the crew members of the Boeing jet got it stopped short of the end of the runway , where an embankment separated it from U.S. Highway 65 , without doing any damage to passengers or the plane . The question arises : "  How did a professionally trained crew manage to screw up so badly ? " The answer is it 's very easy to do . Take the accidental landing of a C-17 at a small Florida airport in 2012 , for example . The crew 's intended airport was MacDill Air Force Base , but it instead touched down the giant jet on the much , much shorter , 100-foot-wide runway a few miles away . Military personnel had to work for hours after the mix-up to lighten the airplane 's load so it could take off from the short strip . The fact is that any pilot with a lot of experience who claims to have never at least lined up to land at a runway other than the intended one is probably fibbing . I 've been flying everything from light propeller planes to big jets for more than 30 years , and I 've aimed for the wrong runway three times and a really big taxiway on a different occasion . The problem is there are two distinct modes of operating an airplane , by reference to the instruments and by visual reference . With very , very few exceptions , every flight ends with the pilot turning off the autopilot  if it was engaged  , taking physical command of the plane through the flight and power controls , "  acquiring " the runway visually and landing . Sometimes that process happens in the last 10 seconds of a flight , sometimes in the last five minutes . It 's that visual acquisition of the landing runway that 's the trap . When pilots see what they believe is the right runway , they 're going to land there unless some big alarm goes off in their head . It 's simply human nature , and pilots are humans . They proceed to disregard the instruments and simply "  hand fly " the airplane to a landing , that is if the co-pilot does n't alert them to the flub . All the while the navigation instruments "  know " the plane is headed to the wrong airport , but the pilots do n't pay attention because in their mind they 've already found the right runway , so why even bother to look at the instruments ? Why do n't more of these wrong airport episodes end in disaster ? It 's luck that most of them do n't . Tragically , there are exceptions . In 2006 , a regional jet took off from the wrong runway in Lexington , Kentucky . The runway was too short and the jet crashed , killing 49 people in the process . Landing at the wrong airport or choosing the wrong runway can be catastrophic . Had the 747 in Wichita tried landing on a runway as short as the one the much smaller 737 touched down on over the weekend , I do n't think it could have stopped in time to avoid going off the end and at the very least wrecking the airplane . Modern airliners have two things going for them â $ " great brakes and powerful reverse thrusters â $ " and in the case of both the 737 and the 747 before it , it was a good thing they did . I was n't there to witness either event , but I 'd be shocked if the smell of superheated brake pads was n't in the air . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Robert Goyer .	Robert Goyer : 2 months after a jet landed on wrong runway , it happened again in Missouri How does crew get it wrong ? If you 've been flying a long time , it 's happened to you , he says He says pilots turn off autopilot just before landing , do n't always see it 's wrong field Goyer : It can be deadly . A saving grace of newer jets : Great brakes , reverse thrusters
CNN  -- Time to make some popcorn , light a few candles and fire up the flatscreen -- to celebrate National Kissing Day on July 6 , travel website Travelzoo has released a list of the world 's top 10 romantic movie locations . There will plenty to quibble with , of course , especially given the absence of cities traditionally associated with romance -- San Francisco , Venice and the entire continent of South America got snubbed . Unspoiled scenery , natural beauty and the Oscar-winning "  Out of Africa " helped Kenya 's Ngong Hills grab the top spot on the list . Paris ranks second after Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy made sparks in "  Before Sunset . " The setting for the ultimate smooch scene between Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan in "  Sleepless in Seattle , " New York takes third . The movie 's title town did n't get the call -- sorry , Seattle , Travelzoo apparently likes you , just not in that way . 10 most romantic movie locations  according to Travelzoo 1 . Ngong Hills , Kenya -- "  Out of Africa " 2 . Paris -- "  Before Sunset " 3 . New York -- "  Sleepless in Seattle " 4 . Rome -- "  Roman Holiday " 5 . Wicklow Mountains , Ireland -- "  P.S. I Love You " 6 . Halona Cove , Hawaii -- "  From Here to Eternity " 7 . Atlanta -- "  Gone With the Wind " 8 . Tokyo -- "  Lost in Translation " 9 . Bakewell , UK -- "  Pride & Prejudice " 10 . Burgundy , France -- "  Chocolat " Have your own favorite romantic destination ? Tell us about it in the comment section .	TravelZoo 's list of romantic movie sites takes in almost eight decades of film history Kenya 's Ngong Hills grabs the top spot with "  Out of Africa " London ? Venice ? San Francisco ? Rio ? Nope .
In the space of a short few months , the self-styled Islamic State  also known by the acronym ISIS  has claimed to have established a fundamentalist state and revived the Caliphate , while seemingly monopolizing the market on young foreign fighters from Europe and North America , while conducting a sophisticated social media and propaganda campaign . Amid the highly publicized beheadings of Western journalists , soldiers and aid workers accompanied by personal messages to U.S. President Barack Obama , ISIS has established itself as the main jihadist group in the world today , leaving al Qaeda struggling to make an impact . However , al Qaeda is now fighting back and seem eager to reclaim some of the limelight . In a 55-minute video released less than two weeks ago , the current leader of al Qaeda , Ayman al-Zawahiri , promised to "  raise the flag of Jihad " and to spread Islamic rule across the South Asia by operating in India , Bangladesh and Myanmar , under the new rubric "  Qaeda al-Jihad . " Although government officials are still trying to verify the authenticity of the video , the idea has already been welcomed by the Pakistani Taliban , whilst India has expressed deep concerns over al Qaeda 's plan to establish a permanent presence in the region . Al-Zawahiri 's announcement did come as a bit of a surprise , as the recent activities of ISIS had been dominating news headlines all over the world and led many to believe that al Qaeda has now dwindled and faded into the background , as newer , younger and more sophisticated groups have replaced it . As to why the Indian subcontinent has been declared as the new home for al Qaeda , Zawahiri cites the aim of rescuing Muslims from oppression and injustice in the region as the group 's main driving force . ` Muslim lands ' In the video , al-Zawahiri makes reference to tribal violence in Ahmedabad , Gujarat , Assam and Kashmir , as well as violence against the Rohingya Muslims by Buddhists in Myanmar . By arguing that places such as Bangladesh and Myanmar were once "  Muslim lands " until the enemy occupied and fragmented them , al-Zawahiri proposes that the lives of Muslim people in the region can be improved and liberated through the establishment of an Islamic state guided by Sharia law . However , the timing of the video suggests the reasons al-Zawahiri gives are surface deep . In truth , this bold announcement by al Qaeda is more likely an attempt to branch out into new and untapped markets that are viewed as beyond the reach of its rival , ISIS . This would be an obvious and natural thing for al Qaeda to do since ISIS clearly has far more success both globally , in terms of publicity , and locally , in that they have eclipsed the local al Qaeda affiliate , Jabhat al Nusra . ISIS has also managed to do things al Qaeda never could . For one , being primarily focused on fighting a distant enemy -- the West -- al Qaeda has been unable to evolve beyond being a terrorist organization , whilst ISIS has moved from being an al Qaeda offshoot to progressing into a fully-fledged state -- or at least that is how they and their fellow jihadists view things . This has enabled ISIS to attract foreign fighters on a far larger scale than al Qaeda ever did . More worryingly , from al Qaeda 's perspective , is the fact ISIS seems to be attracting smaller splinter groups previously viewed as being in al Qaeda 's domain of influence . For example , the Algeria-based "  Soldiers of the Caliphate " group , which was previously viewed as an al Qaeda-linked faction in North Africa , recently declared itself an ally of ISIS . Regardless of the reasons al Qaeda gives -- or does not give -- as to why it is expanding into the Indian Sub-Continent , the strategic and tactical implications of this move are potentially immense . Firstly , although 80 % of the population is Hindu , according to a 2011 census , India alone houses around 140 million Muslims whilst another 132 million or so Muslims are in Bangladesh . This means roughly one fifth of the world 's Muslims are in these two countries alone , whilst Myanmar is home to a small Muslim community that is being systematically persecuted . Al Qaeda 's plan will fail With the Pakistani market being saturated and ISIS increasingly dominating the Middle East , one can understand why al Qaeda has decided to push into this largely untapped market , especially since so few jihadist recruits , in relative terms , have been from these two countries historically . However , there are good reasons why India and Bangladesh have not been fertile breeding grounds for jihadists in the past . These countries have their extremist minorities too but they have not experienced the large influx of Gulf State largesse that neighboring Pakistan has , and they have much more pluralistic cultural traditions . In the case of India at least , there is also a much more robust democracy and in the case of both countries Islamist-inspired groups do not have significant influence in government . In all likelihood , al Qaeda 's attempts to branch into India and Bangladesh will fail . In fact , al-Zawahiri is illustrating his cultural naivety by making this announcement and assuming that these countries are just like Pakistan . They have also got off to a very bad start by mistakenly attacking a Pakistan frigate which they mistook for an American aircraft carrier a couple of days ago . Three terrorists were killed and seven arrested in the failed attempt . It is clear is that al Qaeda is panicking and witnessing the rise of ISIS with dread and jealousy . However , they will have to work a lot harder to regain the momentum they lost after the killing of Osama bin Laden .	ISIS has established itself as the main jihadist group in the world today This has left al-Qaeda struggling to make an impact , according to Quilliam 's Ghaffar Hussain Al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri promises to "  raise the flag of Jihad " and spread Islamic rule across S. Asia But there are good reasons why India and Bangladesh have not been fertile breeding grounds for jihadists , Hussain says
CNN  -- It only took one message to convince Michael Remen . "  The one that stuck in my head the most was the one about Arlington National Cemetery -- all the people that gave their lives just so that we could vote . I 'm not a military person or nothing like that but they were right , and it makes sense , " said Remen , who is a sous-chef in Hilo , Hawaii . "  That 's the main reason I 'm going to go try  to vote on Tuesday  . If I would n't have read that , I probably would n't " have decided to vote . The message came from a complete stranger , identified on Facebook as Bernie Sarratea , as part of a CNN Change the List campaign to get people in Hawaii to vote in the upcoming election . The state had the lowest voter turnout rate in 2008 , making it the focus of several stories that are part of a new project , which I 'm heading up . The goal is to create a conversation that could help bump Hawaii off the bottom of that list . We featured six nonvoters from Hawaii as a way to highlight the diverse reasons people in the Aloha State do n't vote . Because of your efforts , three of them decided to vote , two of those for the first time . A fourth plans to vote in the future , but did not register in time for tomorrow 's election  that 's yet another reason Hawaii should pass a same-day voter registration law  . Two say they wo n't vote in this election , but even they said that they were moved by the pro-voting arguments you sent , and that they may reconsider eventually . "  I 've been reading them all . It 's amazing , " said Nani Teruya , who does not plan to vote on Tuesday but seems to revel in the fact that she 's become a local celebrity of sorts in Maui because of this online campaign . "  I love it , you know . I really take into consideration what people are saying . But , you know , I still have my reasons . " Change the List : 47 of your pro-voting arguments Personally , I think convincing three out of six is a great success . I chose these six nonvoters because I could n't figure out how to convince them to vote in person , on my visit to Hawaii . Their friends had n't been able to either . Each posed a challenge . It shows the power of the Internet -- a medium that certainly goes a long way to shrink the thousands of miles of ocean between Hawaii and the mainland -- that your messages were able to persuade 50 % of the people we featured . Incidentally , a 50 % turnout rate is exactly what Hawaii needs to hop off the bottom of the national voter turnout list , if the numbers hold from the 2008 presidential election . And how cool is it that one message from a stranger could convince another person to exercise his right to vote ? It reinforces my belief that if everyone asked several friends to vote in this upcoming election , turnout would be much higher and , more importantly , our democracy would be more representative of the people . There 's real power in an invitation into the political process , even if it 's via Facebook . Here 's the tally of who plans to vote and who does n't . Click the links below to read the messages that people sent to each of the nonvoters . Thanks to all of you who sent in messages . Know that they made a difference in how some people view voting . 1 . Paul Hewlett : Not voting , but plans to in the future Hewlett 's wife , Lois , told me in an e-mail that her husband had not registered to vote for this election but now plans to do so in order to vote in 2014 . 2 . Michael Remen : Voting The sous-chef on Hawaii 's Big Island did not plan to vote when I met him in October because he had such trouble at his polling place during the primary election this year . Here is the text of the Facebook message that convinced him to vote : "  Send him a free ticket to Arlington Cemetery and  show  him how many reasons there are to vote , since all those there died for that right , here and abroad . " "  I thought that was a really powerful statement , " Remen said , "  and it made really good sense . " 3 . Nani Teruya : Not voting Teruya does n't vote because she believes the U.S. illegitimately overthrew the Hawaiian Kingdom and has no right to rule the islands . She said she loved the messages encouraging her to vote -- some asked her to support candidates who value issues that are important to the Native Hawaiian community -- but that she 's not ready to vote in this election . "  To tell you the truth , my mind is made up . I 'm going to stay the way I am , " she said . "  I have my reasons . And voting is just not me . " Her phone was ringing off the hook , she said , because of the project . People in Maui are talking about voting now , she said , and she expects that will make a difference at the polls . As for her : "  For this election , " she said , "  I 'm not ready . " 4 . Skyler Gayhart : Voting Gayhart , a high school senior , initially said he did n't feel informed enough to vote . But after reading messages from other young people who said they learned about the political process because they decided to vote , he came to see it as important . "  I thought it was pretty legit , " he said of the project . "  All my friends have been posting it on my Facebook . " He felt some peer pressure to vote , too . "  I feel like I needed to vote because I 'm on the thing . I feel like I 'm obligated to vote . I feel good about it . You should . I 'm going to be an adult anyway . I think it 's a right . " 5 . Nanci Munroe : Not voting Munroe appreciated your efforts -- "  That was so cool . I thought a lot of those people had some really good ideas " -- but she does n't plan to vote . Since Hawaii is so far from the mainland U.S. , national politics simply do n't matter , she said . "  I just do n't feel like my vote counts for a darn thing . I do n't think it will sway things one way or another , " she said . If the Electoral College were abolished , she said , then she might reconsider . 6 . Tyler Tawara : Voting Tawara , a student at the University of Hawaii , said his parents did n't know he was n't planning to vote until they saw him featured on this website . His brother circulated the page of messages from people on the Internet , asking Tawara to vote . The family pressure mounted from there . "  I mean , they 're not like forcing me to vote . My parents are n't forcing me , but they said it 's a good thing and so I 'm going to vote . " He performed a sort of cost-benefit analysis about voting . Once he looked into the process and realized he could vote by mail , it seemed so easy that there was no reason not to bother with it . "  I do n't think my vote counts as much , but I am going to vote . It 's an opportunity that is n't really hard to do so I just figure , why not ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John D. Sutter .	Change the List is a new project from CNN Opinion The column is focused at the moment on Hawaii 's low voter turnout rate We asked the Internet to convince six people in the Aloha State to vote Three said they will cast ballots on Tuesday because of your messages
CNN  -- There 's a children 's book from 1977 called The Big Orange Splot . In it , all the houses on one block look the same . Until one day , when a pelican drops a bucket of orange paint on one roof . Instead of painting over it , and returning to the status quo , Mr. Plumbean decorates the roof -- and then the facade , and then the yard -- with wild , rainbow patterns . His neighbors think he 's lost his mind . But one by one they see the beauty in individual expression , however weird and wacky it may look at first . The popular book sounds like an allegory about communism , and conformist lifestyles . And as it turns out , something similar happened in the Hungarian countryside in the 1960s , during the height of communism . The result -- those decorated houses -- are the subject of Hungarian Cubes , by Katharina Roters . From 1965 to 1988 , János Kádár ran things in Hungary . Unlike the leaders of the other Eastern Bloc countries , Kádár practiced a sort of relaxed strain of communism : the Hungarian People 's Republic had a free market , and was tolerant  more than Stalin , at least  of individual voices and public dissent . These policies ultimately became known as "  Goulash Communism . " It 's fitting , then , that during the Goulash Communism era , a peculiar architectural trend took off : People started painting the facades of their houses with abstract shapes , in wild shades of color . It might be more accurate to say a decorating , or public art movement , began to take off , because the architecture style in question began in the 1920s , long before Kádár 's time . It followed the principles of Communist urban planning : city blocks filled with square , economical row houses . They were designed for efficiency , meaning every house was the same , and every house was boring . That did n't last forever . In Hungarian Cubes , Roters documents those countryside row houses during Kádár 's reign , after residents started freewheeling with colors and shapes to make it so no two houses looked like . Roters noticed the painted "  Magyar Kocka " , or Hungarian Cube , houses in 2003 after moving from Germany to a small Hungarian town . Some of the homes have trompe l'oeil paintings around the window , like facsimiles of shutters or trimming . Others look like abstracted images of sun rays , or harvested crops . "  Today you can buy a car you like , you can do everything you like . In this uniform world where people were not allowed to have some individuality , you had to wait for the same car as your neighbor , " Roters says . "  The facade is what I can show to the outside to the world . This was a free space at this time where the people can show and express their individuality . " Roters has spent years photographing the Magyar Kocka houses . She 's met some of the original owners , but also is watching as the Cube houses undergo renovations and new paint jobs . "  The intellectual elite in Hungary they hate the kind of housing and the period and the ornamental decoration , " Roters says . In Hungarian Cubes , she writes : "  In the eyes of the rural population , these houses are simply no longer up-to-date and are therefore ... these witnesses to a way of life are slowly but surely disappearing . " The houses are a relic of some rare individualism during a time of homogeneous , community-centric thinking . Hungarian Cubes is available here , through Park Books . Read more from WIRED : Unexpected shooting targets used by the world 's armies What 's inside Sriracha that makes it so delicious ? Someone reinvented the butter knife and it is amazing How to fix your iPhone 's annoying autocorrect Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	In her new book , Hungarian Cubes , Katharina Roters highlights decorated houses from the communist era During the so-called "  Goulash Communist " period , people started painting their houses with bright colors and abstract shapes because of the lax government At the time , houses were supposed to be simple and homogenous
U.S. authorities are not required to release any internal National Security Agency communications it had with Internet giant Google Inc. after a 2010 cyber attack in China , a federal appeals court ruled Friday . At issue was a Freedom of Information Act request from a private group over the suspected collaborative relationship between the public and private entities . The NSA said disclosure of any communications -- even with outside companies -- would threaten government information systems . The agency had given the Electronic Privacy Information Center a so-called "  Glomar " response , in which the government refuses to confirm or deny the existence of any requested records . EPIC , a privacy and civil liberties group , made the FOIA submission weeks after the January 2010 cyberattack on Gmail accounts , primarily targeting Chinese human rights activists . Google quickly changed its server encryption protocols following the digital attacks , and a top company official publicly stated its engineers were "  also working with the relevant U.S. authorities . " A federal judge eventually sided with the NSA and Google , and the three-judge federal panel has now affirmed . "  The existence of a relationship or communications between the NSA and any private company certainly constitutes an ` activity ' of the agency subject to protection " from public disclosure , said Judge Janice Rogers Brown . "  Moreover , if private entities knew that any of their attempts to reach out to NSA could be made public through a FOIA request , they might hesitate or decline to contact the agency , thereby hindering its Information Assurance mission . " Brown was backed by Judges Brett Kavanaugh and Douglas Ginsburg , all named to the bench by Republican presidents . The court noted past precedent giving the government leeway in deciding which information it wishes to share with the public . "  In reviewing an agency 's Glomar response , this court exercises caution when the information requested implicates national security , a uniquely executive purview , " said Brown . "  NSA need not make a specific showing of potential harm to national security in order to justify withholding information . " The Glomar precedent refers to a 1970s incident , where the CIA refused to discuss a ship under its control , allegedly used to secretly salvage a Soviet submarine which had sunk . EPIC now has the option of asking the Supreme Court to hear its free-speech appeal . The group says despite Friday 's legal setback , it has several other similar , pending lawsuits against the agency . Lawyers from EPIC had argued the collaboration between Google and the federal agency -- which conducts global electronic surveillance -- was widely reported in the national media . The private group said the agency thus had a responsibility to locate records that could be disclosed . " The military 's top officer warned last year of the "  substantial " and complex threat to the U.S. from foreign cyberattack . "  We 've got to come to a place where those threats are diminished , if not eliminated , " then-Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen said in January 2011 . "  I would never go in , certainly in any area of warfare , into details on threats except to say they are substantial . We are focused on them . " Mullen , who retired last fall , said that cyberspace is a lawless terrain . "  The threat from China is significant , " Mullen said . "  There are other threats out there that we see routinely . ... It is an enormously complex and critical area that all of us need to understand a lot better and do a lot more about . " The case is EPIC v. NSA  11-5233  .	Federal appeals court affirms protection of communications between Google and NSA NSA said disclosure would threaten government information systems Cyberattack is serious threat says former chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff
CNN  -- If you 've ever been fired , you know the desire to get even with your boss . So when Jim Knight was fired from his position as head chef for The Plough , a restaurant in the UK , he had a special opportunity . He tweeted : "  Calling all chefs . Is there some sort of forum for naming and shaming bad employers ? " Someone responded : "  I Just like to use twitter " to which he responded "  well I better get on the case ; " The chef created the Twitter account for his now former restaurant  with its permission , he says  back in October , but it appears his former bosses never got around to revoking his access to it . So he still had control of the public face for his former employer , and he definitely had something to say . The headline for The Plough 's Twitter page now reads "  Let this be a lesson to all bad catering employers ... " and Jim 's view of events got the light of day : "  We 'd like to inform you that we 've just fired our head chef , " he wrote on the restaurant 's official page . "  Unfortunately he wanted to have a weekend off this month and Christmas Day this year for family commitments so we thought we 'd sack him ... yeah a week before Christmas ! We do n't care that he has a 7 1/2 month old baby daughter . " Nearly a full day after the tweets were posted , they 've been retweeted thousands of times , and they continue to live on the website . Calls and e-mails to the restaurant from CNN have not yet been answered . But the restaurant 's landlord has responded to the tweets , The Oxford Times reported Monday . "  When Jim , as head chef , informed me that he would not be working on Christmas Day , and other Sundays in the near future , I was left with little choice but to end our arrangement , " it quoted Steve Potts as saying . "  I had been quite clear with him when he started here in October that Sundays are our busiest days of the week , and that all our chefs have to work that day . " The chef has taken to his personal page to explain his actions a bit more . "  I stand by my comments whole heartedly , " he said Less than 10 days before Christmas , Knight is now unemployed , but his representative says he 's been offered a new job elsewhere since his actions got noticed . She says the restaurant has not contacted him since the firing . How to protect your digital data from a vengeful ex	A UK chef says his restaurant fired him He tweeted : "  Is there some sort of forum for naming and shaming bad employers ? " The chef still has access to the restaurant 's Twitter account He tweets that the restaurant sacked him after he wanted Christmas Day off
CNN  -- In the Roman poet Ovid 's "  Metamorphoses , " one of the great works of Western literature , King Tereus of Thrace rapes his wife 's sister , Philomena , then cuts out her tongue . In "  Titus Andronicus , " Shakespeare references Ovid with an even more grotesque rape and mutilation , while including multiple acts of murder , torture and cannibalism . Kathleen Kennedy , associate professor of literature at Penn State University-Brandywine , says , "  Everyone is traumatized by Titus . " Over the last few months , students , faculty and administrators at a number of universities have been debating whether faculty should be obligated to place "  trigger warnings " on their syllabi before assigning content that might trigger a traumatic episode in one of their students . Before assigning Ovid , Shakespeare or any topic about human cruelty and suffering , what should teachers be obligated to tell their students ? Proponents of trigger warnings , reasonably , argue that students will be unable to learn when confronted with content that triggers traumatic recollection . This is n't about students just being uncomfortable , they say , but about ensuring students do n't have to choose between their education and their sense of safety . Critics of trigger warnings , also reasonably , contend that education requires pushing students to engage with difficult material that makes them uncomfortable . Professors worry about academic freedom and having to address a whole cascade of "  isms " as they design and execute their syllabi . Furthermore , they see the focus on trigger warnings now as part of the corporatization of higher education , in which syllabi are designed not to structure learning but to prevent lawsuits . Professors are concerned about trauma , but do n't want to slap labels on their syllabi that are the equivalent of "  Caution : This Coffee is Hot . " To some extent , both sides are right . Some students suffer from serious trauma , but there 's no feasible way a blanket policy on trigger warning can really work . Fortunately , we can solve the situation though a combination of best-teaching practices and the application of pre-existing policies . The biggest problem here emerges from the nature of trauma . Triggers are extremely personal and , from the outside , unpredictable . Professors can not review their course material and know , with any certainty , what might or might not function as a trigger for their students . We worry about surprising students with triggering content and re-victimizing them . We do n't need a vague if well-intentioned policy , however , to address most cases . Instead , let 's just rely on good teaching . Tressie McMillan Cottom , writer and sociologist , noted that the real problem with triggers is when they catch you by surprise . She writes , "  Trigger warnings make sense on platforms where troubling information can be foisted upon you without prior knowledge , as in the case of retweets . " In a classroom , where the subject matter ought to be reasonably transparent , such surprises should be rare . We should all know what we are going to encounter in classes on the Holocaust , on human rights law , on the history of race in America , or countless other clearly labeled topics that of necessity must deal with often graphic and upsetting stories . If you sign up for such a class , be ready . Students might not be so ready for Ovid or Shakespeare . Why not prepare them for the reading ? Do n't do it because you are worried about trauma , but because it will help them learn . I would never want my students to be surprised by something horrific in their reading , whether the "  Red Wedding " on "  Game of Thrones " or the rape of Philomena in Ovid . Instead , I want them ready to work with challenging texts so they learn . Spoilers might be bad for entertainment , but they are good for education . Once most students know what they are likely to encounter in their work , the surprise factor in triggering situations ought to be mitigated . For a small percentage of students , however , this kind of preparation may not be enough . The word "  disability " has been largely missing from the debate on trigger warnings in higher education . Post-traumatic stress disorder is a psychological disability . It does n't just affect soldiers . Students  or anyone  suffering from PTSD are not just "  uncomfortable " when their trauma is triggered . Valeria M. Souza , a lecturer of Portuguese at Washington University in St. Louis and a blogger about disability and education , has noted that universities already have , or at least should have , robust systems to ensure compliance with the Americans with Disabilities Act and to provide reasonable accommodations for students with disabilities . It would be entirely reasonable to help a student with a disability who is best accommodated by avoiding certain triggering material in the classroom . That said , avoidance is not always the best approach for people with trauma . One method of treating PTSD is called "  exposure therapy , " in which patients repeatedly engage with their traumas in order to desensitize themselves to potentially triggering moments . The classroom is not a therapist 's clinic , but the practice does suggest that avoidance is not the only choice . Moreover , it 's a decision for a patient and a therapist or doctor to decide and advise a university , rather than for faculty or administrators to decide for themselves . As educators and as a society we need to respect trauma and create conditions in which healing is possible . Part of that respect is to recognize that we do n't know how any given person 's trauma might manifest , so we ca n't assume we know what is or is n't a trigger . And we do n't have to know . If professors follow good teaching practices and help students be ready for the course content as it unfolds , while universities provide well-funded and expert disability support services , we should be ready to handle whatever trigger issues lurk undetected . We do n't need a whole new set of warning labels .	Universities have debated putting warning labels on violent , abusive scenes in literature David Perry : It should not be necessary to have a new policy of warning labels Good teachers should prepare their students in the course of regular teaching , he says Perry : For students with PTSD , the normal precautions should be taken
New Delhi  CNN  -- It was a photo shoot that caught India 's attention . Five courageous survivors of acid attacks posed for portraits . In a country where victims of such attacks do not dare to come out of hiding , or show their disfigured faces in public , this was a "  ground breaking " photo shoot , participants said . "  After the acid attack I never took photos , " Rupa , one of the models and a survivor said . "  When the photos got circulated in the media , people started calling to inquire about me , I felt so good . After the photo shoot I want to go out meet more people . " Rupa , now 22 , was 15 years old when she was attacked by her stepmother following a dispute about money . "  That night , after acid was poured on my face , I could not see anything . I could not open my eyes , I was screaming , " she said . "  But no one came to help me . My stepmother watched me suffering . " After that night , everything changed . "  My studies stopped , I stopped playing . " It was only three years after the acid attack that Rupa gathered enough courage to look at her face in the mirror . It was her childhood dream , to be a designer and Rupa designed the outfits for all the models featured on the photo shoot including herself . The photos were first published on Facebook page run by Stop Acid Attacks , an organization raising awareness about the plight of acid attack victims but have since been featured extensively across the world . Her next step is to open a boutique . Currently she is living in Chhanv , a rehabilitation center for acid attack victims opened by the charity . New law In 2013 , the Indian Supreme Court passed laws aiming to control over-the-counter sales of acid . But the implementation has been poor though , said Alok Dixit , founder of Stop Acid Attacks . "  Yes , the law is on paper , but you can find acid easily in local markets , " he said . "  We need the government to be active in enforcing the law to regulate acid sales . " According to the group , more than 200 acid attack cases have been reported since January 2013 . But activists including Alok believe the real number is much higher . Lacking support from family and society , many victims do not report attacks to the police . Fearing social stigma , many do not even show their face in public . And that is what the group wanted the photo shoot to change . "  We want the acid attack survivors to come out of hiding and tell their stories . It is okay to show your face , " Alok said . Changing perceptions Rahul Saharan , a professional photographer , was the man behind the camera . He wanted to showcase Rupa 's designs and help her motivate other fellow acid attack survivors across the world . His second goal : make the victims feel beautiful and change the way people define "  beauty " in general . "  In our society , there are lots of things said to the girls -- you are not beautiful , you wo n't get married because your skin is not white and fair , " Rahul said . "  I want to change the perception of beauty -- tell people that the real beauty is not about having a fair skin . "  When you see pictures used in commercials , you just see and forget them after sometime , but when you see these pictures , you feel in love with them . You want to look at them again and again . " Ritu , another acid attack victim and a participant of the photo shoot , was 17 when acid was thrown at her face . She is 19 now and going through treatment . She can not see with her left eye . "  Every acid attack survivor says they do not want to meet the attackers , " she said . "  But I want to meet the guy  who did this to me  and ask : ` was it worth it ? ' " Actress critical after acid attack Indian acid attack victim fights for justice Omar Khan and Sumnima Udas contributed to this report .	Photo shoot uses acid attack victims as models One model Rupa says photo shoot helped boost confidence Photographer hopes shoot will change perceptions about beauty New law limits sale of acid but attacks still happening
CNN  -- The deliberate policies of North Korean leader Kim Jong Un and his late father , Kim Jong Il , may have killed millions of North Koreans , either by starving them to death or sending them to die in a system of political prisoner concentration camps unlike any since the regimes of Hitler and Stalin . For years , the world has been so fixated on the North 's nuclear weapons that it has lost sight of reports of such systematic crimes . Yet they are the very reason we should care that North Korea could develop an effective nuclear arsenal . Indeed one of the very sites of this alleged brutality â $ " Camp 16 -- lies right next to North Korea 's nuclear test site . A recent report by Amnesty International confronts us with more evidence of the Kim Jong Un regime 's disregard for the lives of its own people and , by extension , our own . We 've long known that these camps were places of horror . Kang Chol Hwan , one of few survivors , published his memoir of Camp 15 more than a dozen years ago . One of us published the first satellite imagery of Camp 16 in 2007 , finding what appeared to be its distinctive fence lines and guard posts right where defectors said they would be . But even in 2012 , when this detailed imagery analysis of Camp 16 was published , there were still no eyewitness accounts . It was a place prisoners never left , dead or alive . Still , we have accounts of what went on in the other camps . Witnesses had told about the building in Camp 22 where two parents breathed air into the lungs of their dying children before they perished together in the camp 's experimental gas chamber , and about the two children who drowned when a guard kicked them into a waste pond . We have heard of the guest house at Camp 18 where , according to witness accounts , women prisoners were raped before the guards murdered them , and of the former athlete who was killed by a guard at Camp 14 after hunger drove him to eat part of the guard 's leather whip . We read how guards at Camp 15 would allegedly make starving prisoners race along the side of a cliff for corn cakes , and laugh each time one fell to his death . Amnesty International has since found the first known witness from Camp 16 , who says that guards there forced prisoners to dig their own graves and then killed them with hammers . He reports that at Camp 16 , too , guards raped and murdered women , whose names we 'll never know . We add their fate to a long list of horrors , but at least , in some small way , they are mourned . Until a year ago , we would have estimated that the total population of these camps was 200,000 . Today , our estimate is closer to half of that . The "  lucky " survivors of Camp 18 were apparently "  released in place " when the fences around their camp were taken down , but the 30,000 prisoners of Camp 22 simply disappeared . Local residents said that a few thousand survivors were loaded onto trains in the night and sent away , perhaps to Camp 16 . The Amnesty report concluded that new construction at Camp 16 could not hold this many new prisoners . The fate of Camp 22 's survivors -- if there were any -- remains unknown . New imagery shows that North Korea recently expanded three camps -- Camps 14 , 16 and 25 . The prisoners in these camps , according to witness accounts , are condemned by nothing resembling a fair trial , for things we would not recognize as crimes â $ " complaining about hardships in the "  People 's Paradise , " escaping to find food , practicing religion , criticizing the ruling Kim family , or simply being related to such "  offenders . "  North Korea collectively punishes the children , spouses and parents of political prisoners . The world is belatedly awakening to evidence of North Korea 's crimes against humanity . The U.N. 's creation of a commission of inquiry to investigate such crimes is an important start , but it is only that . As innocent North Koreans languish , starve and die in these camps , largely hidden from view , the world must open its eyes to this deplorable reality . The capacity for abstract sympathy is not just the mark of human civilization , it warns us of a growing danger to all of humanity . Just as the world once united to condemn and isolate South Africa 's apartheid regime , it must deny the Kim regime access to the global financial system until it closes these murderous camps forever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joshua Stanton and Sung-Yoon Lee .	Joshua Stanton , Sung-Yoon Lee : Recent Amnesty report shows North Korea prison horrors Witnesses tell of people imprisoned with little cause , beaten , tortured , raped , killed Two camps have apparently closed , their prisoners either freed or disappeared , they say Writers : World slowly waking up to this depravity . It must further cut off North Korea financially
A finding that Hezbollah is to blame for the bomb attack that killed five Israeli tourists in Bulgaria last July adds to pressure on the European Union to label the controversial group an outlaw terrorist organization . The Bulgarian government 's announcement of its conclusions Tuesday also could complicate life for Lebanon 's coalition government , of which Hezbollah is a member . Israelis killed in Bulgaria bus terror attack , minister says Bulgarian Interior Minister Tsvetan Tsvetanov told reporters in Sofia that of the three people who carried out the attack , "  We have established that two were members of the militant wing of Hezbollah . There is information that shows financing and the connection between Hezbollah and the two suspects . " He also said the pair had traveled on genuine Australian and Canadian passports , though it 's not clear whether the documents had been stolen . Bulgaria explosion comes amid growing Iranian-Israeli tension Hezbollah has said nothing about Israel 's previous accusation that it was responsible for the attack , which occurred outside a bus waiting at the airport in the Bulgarian resort of Burgas . The United States and Israel seized on the conclusion of the Bulgarian investigation to urge the EU to move against Hezbollah . President Barack Obama 's counterterrorism adviser , John Brennan , said Tuesday the investigation had exposed Hezbollah as "  a terrorist group that is willing to recklessly attack innocent men , women , and children , and that poses a real and growing threat not only to Europe , but to the rest of the world . " Read more : The inner workings of Hezbollah In a statement issued from the White House , Brennan said , "  Bulgaria 's implication of  Hezbollah  underscores the importance of international cooperation in disrupting terrorist threats . "  We call on our European partners as well as other members of the international community to take proactive action to uncover  Hezbollah 's  infrastructure and disrupt the group 's financing schemes and operational networks . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry reiterated the call for European countries to "  crack down on Hezbollah . " "  We need to send an unequivocal message to this terrorist group that it can no longer engage in despicable actions with impunity , " he said in a statement . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu also commended the Bulgarian investigation , saying : "  The attack in Burgas was an attack on European soil against a member country of the EU . We hope that the Europeans draw the necessary conclusions as to the true character of Hezbollah . " Bulgarian bus attack is work of suicide bomber , minister says Canada also joined the chorus , with Foreign Minister John Baird issuing a statement saying : "  We urge the European Union and all partners who have not already done so to list Hezbollah as a terrorist entity and prosecute terrorist acts committed by this inhumane organization to the fullest possible extent . " A technical analysis of the explosion , carried out by a team of consultants and provided on background to CNN , said the Israeli tourists had placed their luggage in a baggage compartment along the side of the bus and were boarding when the explosion occurred . The bomb -- concealed in a backpack -- went off in a confined space between two buses , instantly killing four of the tourists and the bus driver , as well as the bomber . The consultants ' analysis of closed-circuit video of the suspected bomber waiting in the terminal and of the remains of the device suggests that the bomb was detonated by remote radio control . Residue from two radio transceivers was recovered from the scene , along with a dual-tone multiple-frequency circuit . The explosive charge was approximately 3 kilograms  6 pounds  of TNT and ammonite , probably obtained from a Bulgarian company , according to the consultants . Police release composite image of Bulgaria bus bomber Whether the bomber intended to kill himself is unclear . It is possible that he planned to load the backpack on the bus and detonate it remotely as it pulled away . The premature detonation of the device before all members of the Israeli group were on board the bus could have been caused by a malfunction or by violent movement , or it could have happened as the device was being armed . Alternatively , an accomplice could have detonated the bomb from a nearby vantage point , in which case the bomber may have been deceived about his true role in the attack . Read more : Iran in "  open war " with Israel Bulgarian investigators last month said their evidence was that the bombing was not intended as a suicide attack . Analysts say the attack was not that of a "  lone wolf " but rather required planning and reconnaissance , suggesting a well-orchestrated plan . Last year , Matthew Olsen , director of the U.S. National Counterterrorism Center , said in a congressional hearing that the Bulgarian attack could have been part of a growing international campaign of terror attacks by Hezbollah . "  Since May 2008 , Hezbollah plots against Israeli targets in Azerbaijan , Egypt and Israel have been disrupted , and additional operational activity in Turkey has reportedly been uncovered , " Olsen said . But while the United States has stepped up efforts to interdict Hezbollah 's international financial operations , the group has enjoyed greater freedom in Europe . Germany 's annual threat report in 2012 concluded that nearly 1,000 Hezbollah members and supporters lived there . Hezbollah raises money quietly in several European cities , according to intelligence agencies , to support its extensive network of social programs in Lebanon . Experts : Hezbollah positioned for attack in U.S Only the Netherlands among the main European governments describes Hezbollah as a terrorist organization . Britain distinguishes between its military wing -- which is proscribed -- and its work as a political party in Lebanon . France and other EU states do not characterize any part of Hezbollah as a terrorist organization . If the European Union moves toward unified sanctions against Hezbollah , the current Lebanese coalition government led by Prime Minister Najib Mikati may be in jeopardy Mohanad Hage Ali , a Lebanese expert on Hezbollah based at the London School of Economics , told CNN , "  Since Mikati formed his government two years ago , there has been steady European support . But since Hezbollah is part of this government , more EU member states are likely to dissociate themselves from Mikati 's government " if the link with the Bulgaria bombing is confirmed . "  Since the 1980s , " he added , "  the United States listing of Hezbollah on its list of terrorist organizations has been seen as a unilateral act , while the Lebanese party was improving its international relations , especially with EU states . This may now change . " Mikati said Tuesday his government is "  ready to cooperate in clarifying the circumstances " of the attack "  in fairness and safeguarding justice , " but he did not address the accusations against Hezbollah . Hage Ali said that if Hezbollah were designated a terrorist group by the EU it would virtually eliminate the European role in mediating between Hezbollah and Israel on such issues as negotiating prisoner exchanges . Germany has been especially active in mediating on humanitarian issues . But there have been signals in the past few months from senior figures in Angela Merkel 's coalition that the mood is shifting . Last August , the foreign policy spokesman for Merkel 's Christian Democratic Union , Philipp Missfelder , told the Jerusalem Post it was "  long overdue to place Hezbollah on the EU 's list of terror organizations . " The British foreign secretary , William Hague , has also called on the EU to reopen discussions on Hezbollah 's status .	Bulgaria announces that Hezbollah was behind a fatal attack in July Five Israeli tourists were killed in the bomb blast in Burgas , Bulgaria The United States and Israel urge the European Union to label Hezbollah a terror group A U.S. official notes a growing international campaign of terror attacks by Hezbollah
CNN  -- Over 28,000 Liverpool fans marked the 20th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster in a special memorial service at Anfield on Wednesday . Liverpool supporters at the Kop end paid their respects in an emotional afternoon at Anfield . A total of 96 supporters died on April 15 , 1989 before the FA Cup semifinal between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest at Sheffield Wednesday 's stadium , the worst-ever tragedy in English sporting history . To commemorate the anniversary , the city of Liverpool came to a standstill at 3.06 pm  1406 GMT  with the bells of the two cathedrals and its civic buildings ringing out in memory of those fans who lost their lives . On Anfield 's famous Kop , 96 candles were lit while commemorations took place at Hillsborough and also in Nottingham . Members of the current Liverpool team stood somberly as hymns were played before a roll call of the dead was read out . Club legend Kenny Dalglish , who was Liverpool manager at the time of the disaster , then read a short prayer . The mayor of Liverpool , Steve Rotherham , who was at the game 20 years ago , helped organize the emotional memorial . "  Hillsborough affected so many lives , not just on Merseyside but across the whole of the UK , " he said . "  I attended the match 20 years ago and the passing years do not diminish the importance and the poignancy of this occasion . " Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard , whose 10-year-old cousin Jon-Paul Gilhooley was the youngest victim of the tragedy , spoke of his feelings this week . "  Time has gone by , but the scars will never ever be healed and the fans will never ever forget . So you can always rely on our supporters to be there for you when you need them . " The Liverpool fans died in a crush which started just before the kick-off as the gate at the Leppings Lane End was opened with terrible consequences . The match started but when the scale of the tragedy became clear , it was swiftly abandoned at 3.06 pm . In the immediate aftermath , the British government commissioned Lord Justice Taylor to conduct an inquiry which would have a far-reaching impact on football . Taylor was deeply critical of the police operation at Hillsborough , but his most significant recommendations were the removal of perimeter fencing and the creation of all-seater stadia . His report also cleared Liverpool fans of blame for the tragedy after lurid tabloid headlines provoked revulsion on Merseyside . Prime minister Gordon Brown paid reference to the controversy in an interview released on Liverpool 's official television channel . "  It was wrong for people to blame , as some did , Liverpool fans on that day , " he said . "  That 's probably what matters most -- that people understood that the behavior of Liverpool fans in helping each other was magnificent . "  Let 's never forget the fans who cruelly lost their lives on a day when we know the people of Liverpool were trying to help each other , " he added . However , the people of Liverpool are still angry and bitter at the lack of justice for those who died -- and that frustration surfaced when Andy Burnham , the Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport took to the stand to address the crowd . As Burnham spoke , the crowd rose as one to sing "  Justice for the 96 " . The Kop chant boomed around the stadium and Burnham , an Everton fan , was left in no doubt about the strength of feeling over the lack of accountability from officialdom over the tragedy . Fittingly , the ceremony was concluded with Gerry Marsden leading the fans in singing Liverpool anthem ` You 'll Never Walk Alone ' .	A special memorial has marked the 20th anniversary of Hillsborough tragedy 96 Liverpool supporters died in crush at the Leppings Lane End of the stadium The Taylor Report into the deaths led to all-seater grounds in English football
CNN  -- A map of significant climate events for the United States in June looks almost apocalyptic : hellish heat , ferocious fires and severe storms leaving people injured , homeless and even dead . Why to expect more weather disasters That followed a warm winter and early season droughts . News came Monday that the mainland United States experienced its warmest 12 months since the dawn of record-keeping in 1895 . And on Tuesday , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration  NOAA  released a report calling 2011 a year of extreme weather . Wildfire victims face second tragedy Remember Hurricane Irene ? Or the floods in Thailand and southern China and the deadly drought in the Horn of Africa ? Heavy rains in Brazil caused massive landslides and much of Europe suffered through a sweltering heatwave . It 's tempting to simplify things and blame it all on global warming . After all , nine of the top 10 warmest years globally have occurred since 2000 , according to NOAA . But weather can be complicated . The real challenge is figuring out whether a particular storm or flood was due to climate change or natural variables , said Chris Field , founding director of the Carnegie Institution 's Department of Global Ecology . The NOAA report , for instance , noted some events that were exacerbated by other factors . However , climate change increases global risks , Field said . "  As we change the climate , we 're shifting the odds for extreme weather , " he said . Photos : Extreme heat strikes U.S. It 's sort of like upping your chances of a car accident if you 're speeding . The four classes of extremes -- high heat , heavy precipitation and floods , duration and intensity of droughts and extremes related to higher sea levels -- have changed in the last 50 years , Field said . "  Increasingly , we are loading the dice towards these very damaging kinds of extremes , " he said . But that 's not to say every weather event is related to warming temperatures . Southern Greenland , northern Russia , and the eastern two-thirds of North America have felt the greatest warmth in 2012 , but many places -- Alaska , Mongolia and most of Australia -- have been cool anomalies . Russia declares day of mourning for flood victims The men 's final at the Wimbledon tennis tournament Sunday was stopped briefly for rain . Rain , in Britain ? Although it has a reputation for sogginess , it 's been cooler and wetter than normal for the last few months in the British isles . America 's northwest has also escaped the heat . The state of Washington just marked its seventh coolest June ever . "  When you 've got a planet that 's nearest warmest levels on record , that does n't mean every part of the world is going to be the warmest ever , " said Jeff Masters , director of meteorology for Weather Underground . "  The U.S. has been unlucky enough to be in that sort of pattern , " he said . Jake Crouch , a climate scientist at the National Climatic Data Center , said weather patterns -- including the jet stream or the ocean-atmosphere systems in the Pacific known as El Niño and La Niña -- have a great effect on weather . In 2011 , two back-to-back La Niñas , each characterized by cooler-than-average water temperatures in the eastern Pacific , affected significant weather events -- including droughts in the southern United States and northern Mexico and in east Africa . There is debate over how climate change affects such weather patterns but the NOAA-led "  state of the climate " report said La Niña-related heat waves are now 20 times more likely to occur than 50 years ago . Scientists also analyzed the United Kingdom 's very warm November 2011 and a very cold December 2010 . They said that cold Decembers are now half as likely to occur versus 50 years ago , whereas warm Novembers are now 62 times more likely . The report pointed out that some weather events , like the Thailand flooding , are influenced by humans in other ways . Photos : Finding beauty in violent storms "  Although the flooding was unprecedented , the amount of rain that fell in the river ` catchment ' area was not very unusual , " the report said . "  Other factors , such as changes in reservoir policies and increased construction on the flood plain , were found most relevant in setting the scale of the disaster . " The 2012 hurricane season has gotten off to a robust start , though meteorologist Thomas Downs of Expert Weather Investigations attributed that to a cyclical warming of Atlantic waters . "  We 've had a tremendous start to the system . We are in the middle of a warm phase , " he said . Hurricane Andrew in 1992 was devastating , but it was also the first named storm of that year -- in August . By contrast , this year , the United States has already lived through four named storms -- two in May and two in June . The last was Tropical Storm Debby , which flooded Florida . The warmer waters can lead to warmer temperatures on land , Downs said . So can extended drought . "  The biggest thing of this year is the cumulative effect of the last two seasons . Some parts of the United States have been under drought conditions for the past two years , " he said , and did not have much rain in April and May . Less solar energy is absorbed by hot , parched land . "  The drought amplifies temperatures -- 90 becomes 100 . 100 becomes 105 . " "  The reality is when you do have extreme weather , it is highlighted , " Downs said . "  People want to attribute it to one factor or another . " The other reality is that Americans and others will likely be paying a lot more for cereal , sweeteners and meat as the price of corn goes up because of failed crops . "  The crops are hurting , " said Chad Hart , a grain market specialist at Iowa State University . The eastern part of the Corn Belt is especially hard-hit . In states like Iowa , farmers are in the critical stage of corn pollination . "  We need a good inch of moisture this week , " Hart said . "  And there 's no rain in the forecast . "  That means we are looking for a much lower yield for crops we produce in the Midwest . " Northwest heat endangers crops That means farmers will be devastated and consumers could see higher prices at the grocery store for corn , soy and wheat products , as well as meat from animals raised on corn feed . They will also be paying more to utility companies for running air-conditioners as the sizzling summer continues . "  In July , August and September , there 's an above-average chance of warmer-than-average temperatures , " Crouch said . The hottest year on record for the United States is 1998 . Crouch said 2012 is on track to beat it . Perhaps people should get used to hotter temperatures , experts say , because the trends point that way . A heatwave that occurred every 20 years will , by the year 2080 , occur every one to two years , Field said . Think it 's hot ? Imagine living here The extreme weather the world is seeing now is a precursor to more , he said . And it paints a picture of what global warming looks like . "  There are a lot of steps that can be taken to prepare people for climate extremes , " he said . "  It 's kind of a situation that warrants very serious thought . " In releasing the state of the climate report Tuesday , Deputy NOAA Administrator Kathryn Sullivan said 2011 will be remembered for extreme weather . This year seems to be on the same track . From now on , she said , every weather event takes place in the context of a changing global environment . Heat affecting your area ? Share your photos and videos with us on CNN iReport . Past 12 months warmest ever recorded in U.S. Photos : Storm chasers Opinion : Heat wave lesson -- We take comfort for granted	The United States experienced its warmest 12 months on record A new report Tuesday says 2011 will be remembered as the year of extreme weather One scientist says climate change increases the chances of more such weather There 's debate over how climate change affects weather patterns
London  CNN  -- French swimmer Yannick Agnel won his second gold of a triumphant Olympics with a dominant performance in Monday 's 200 meters freestyle final . South Korean swimmer Tae-Hwan Park and Yang Sun , of China , share silver after both finishing with a time of 1 minute 44.93 seconds . American medal hope Ryan Lochte struggled to keep up with his rivals as he finished fourth . "  Not so happy about that swim tonight ... you live and learn . Tomorrow I will be better , " Lochte tweeted . French President Francois Holland was in the crowd to see Agnel recorded the fastest time ever by a Frenchman , as Agnel demolished a strong field . Park , Sun , Agnel and Lochte had already won medals in London . The cheering Holland enjoyed his compatriot Agnel repeat his performance from the 4x100m relay , where he surged past Lochte in the final leg to claim gold , to claim another French swimming gold . With three gold medals , the French are now one short of their swimming gold medal total from all previous Olympics . The U.S. did enjoy some success in the pool later , with two consecutive gold medals ensuring they ended the day second in the medal table . Seventeen year old Missy Franklin claimed her first ever gold medal in the 100 meters backstroke , barely twenty minutes after competing in the 200 meter freestyle semi-finals . Australian Emily Seebohm won silver , with Aya Terakawa taking bronze for Japan . Matt Grevers , the six foot eight inch American , set a new Olympic record to claim the men 's 100 meter backstroke title . Nick Thoman made it an American one-two , with Ryosuke Irie claiming another bronze for Japan . In the 100 meter breaststroke final , fifteen year-old Lithuanian Ruta Meilutyte edged out American world champions Rebecca Soni by eight-hundredths of a second to win Lithuania 's first ever swimming gold . "  I tried to retain my speed with a little sprint over the last 50 . I 'm really happy it worked . " "  I guess sometimes you win , sometimes you lose , " Lochte told the Canadian Broadcasting Company . "  There 's no doubt about it . Agnel 's quick and he showed it last night and tonight . I 'm happy for him . "	French swimmer Yannick Agnel wins his second gold , Park , Sun share silver Lochte misses medal in fourth , but Greevers wins gold in 100m backstroke Missy Franklin wins her first Olympic gold Ruta Meilutyte claims first ever Lithuanian swimming gold
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush admitted mistakes but defended his accomplishments in the final White House news conference of his presidency Monday . President Bush addresses reporters at the White House on Monday in his final news conference . "  Clearly , putting a ` Mission Accomplished ' -LSB- banner -RSB- on an aircraft carrier was a mistake , " Bush said about how his administration handled the fall of Baghdad to U.S. troops . "  It sent the wrong message . " He termed other aspects of the U.S. invasion of Iraq "  disappointments , " including the failure to find weapons of mass destruction and the treatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison . "  I do n't know if you want to call those mistakes or not , but they were -- things did n't go according to plan , let 's put it that way , " Bush said . Admitting another mistake , Bush said that he should have pursued a comprehensive immigration overhaul after the 2004 election , instead of Social Security reform . He said that Congress did not have the political willpower to tackle Social Security at the time because the program was not facing an "  imminent " funding crisis . But Bush said plenty went right during his eight years in office , including the economy for most of his term . "  I inherited a recession , I 'm ending on a recession . In the meantime , there were 52 months of uninterrupted job growth , " he said . "  And I defended tax cuts when I campaigned , I helped implement tax cuts when I was president , and I will defend them after my presidency as the right course of action . " iReport.com : How will you remember Bush ? Bush also said that despite harsh criticism at the time , the federal government responded well to Hurricane Katrina and the flooding of New Orleans , Louisiana , in 2005 . Watch Bush defend his Katrina response " "  Do n't tell me the federal response was slow when there was 30,000 people pulled off roofs right after the storm passed , " he said Monday . "  Could things have been done better ? Absolutely . Absolutely . But when I hear people say the federal response was slow , then what are they going to say to those chopper drivers or the 30,000 that got pulled off the roofs ? " he asked . Bush was steadfast that his administration did the right things in protecting the homeland from terrorists , even though critics said individual freedoms were compromised by administration policies . "  In terms of the decisions that I had made to protect the homeland , I would n't worry about popularity . What I would worry about is the Constitution of the United States and putting plans in place that make it easier to find out what the enemy is thinking , " he said . The 43rd president says he does n't buy allegations that America 's image overseas has been tarnished during his terms , even if his popularity has suffered . "  My view is that most people around the world , they respect America . And some of them do n't like me -- I understand that -- some of the writers and the , you know , opiners and all that . That 's fine . That 's part of the deal . But I 'm more concerned about the country and -- and how people view the United States of America . They view us as strong , compassionate people who care deeply about the universality of freedom . " Bush said that as a "  Type A " personality , he 'll want to keep active after he turns the White House keys over to President-elect Barack Obama next Tuesday . Watch Bush bid reporters farewell " "  I just ca n't envision myself , you know , the big straw hat and a Hawaiian shirt sitting on some beach , " he said .	NEW : Bush touts "  52 months of uninterrupted job growth " NEW : President says most people around world still respect America President says he regrets "  Mission Accomplished " banner on carrier Bush speaks in final news conference of second term
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama on Saturday asked Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius to be his nominee for Health and Human Services secretary , according to two White House officials . Kansas Gov. Kathleen Sebelius walks with Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal after meeting with the president this week . The officials told CNN that Obama is expected to make the announcement Monday afternoon . The officials asked not to be named because the announcement has not yet been made . Sebelius , who administration officials say Obama seriously considered to be his vice-presidential nominee , has been rumored to be a top contender for the job for weeks . The post is still vacant after the first pick , former Sen. Tom Daschle , stepped aside after questions were raised about his failure to pay more than $ 100,000 in taxes for use of a car and driver . CNN reported earlier this month that Sebelius met in Washington with senior White House adviser Valerie Jarrett about the job , a sign that the administration has been giving her a close look since Daschle dropped out . The officials noted Sebelius has a good personal relationship with Obama and remained in the running for the vice presidential slot until near the end of the process . She was also considered for other Cabinet posts .	White House officials : Obama asks Kansas governor to be HHS secretary Obama will make an announcement Monday , officials say For weeks , Sebelius has been rumored to be a top contender for the job HHS post has been vacant since Tom Daschle stepped aside over tax issues
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Last year 's inaugural Prix Pictet photography award for environmental sustainability produced a stunning shortlist of photos . Ed Kashi has documented the impact oil has made on the Niger Delta in Africa . This year is no different with 12 photographers in the running for the first prize of 100,000 CHF  $ 97,500  . The theme in 2009 is described simply as "  Earth . " The aim is to highlight how man exploits the planet 's resources and how this impacts the landscapes and communities surrounding them . In an extraordinary series of photos Canadian Christopher Anderson captures how the quest for raw materials affects Venezuela . In "  The Diminishing Present , " Portuguese-born Edgar Martins records forest landscapes in the moments before they are engulfed by flames . In "  Curse of the Black Gold : 50 Years of Oil in the Niger Delta , " Ed Kashi captures the impact of the oil industry on Nigeria 's environment and people since it was first discovered five decades ago . Kashi , an American photojournalist , spent three years compiling his photos of the Niger Delta , making a total of five trips to the troubled region . Kashi told CNN : "  It was truly one of the most graphic examples of economic inequity that I have ever seen . Especially with the backdrop of hundreds of billions of oil wealth that has been generated over the previous 50 years . " As a result of his work , Kashi says that his photos are now being used by universities and NGOs to raise awareness to try and effect change . To him , this has been one of the most gratifying and exciting by-products of his work . One of this year 's most intriguing entries is by Sammy Baloji , who superimposes colonial black and white archive photos of Belgian-run mines in the Democratic Republic of Congo and places them over his color images of the decaying mines as seen today . Nadav Kander 's images of China 's Yangtze River depict communities adjusting to the changes caused by the re-routing of the country 's largest river . And , Andreas Gursky has captured an extraordinary image of an ocean of rubbish at a landfill site in Mexico City . Darren Almond 's ethereal images of China 's Yellow Mountain Range are made all the more magical through the knowledge that they were shot using only the light of the Moon . All the nominees ' pictures showcase the power of the camera when in the hands of master craftsmen . Click here to view some of the short-listed images " The winner will be announced by Prix Pictet honorary president , Kofi Annan , on October 22 at the Passage de Retz gallery in Paris . All the short-listed photos can be seen at the same gallery for one month after the award . Further exhibitions are planned in Greece and Dubai and the Netherlands . If you ca n't attend the exhibitions , there is a book entitled "  Earth , " published by teNeues which showcases the work of all Prix Pictet nominees .	Shortlist for Prix Pictet photography award highlights destruction of natural resources Twelve world-renowned photographers are up for the award Prize of 100,000 CHF  $ 97,500  goes to the winner announced on October 22
News articles , social media posts and images about Hong Kong 's pro-democracy protests are being heavily censored behind China notorious firewall . Chinese state-run news outlets have largely ignored the pro-democracy protests except for the same Xinhua story in which the Hong Kong chief executive CY Leung denounced the demonstrations as "  unlawful . " Leung : Raw emotion ` will get us nowhere ' In Hong Kong , residents have poured into the streets to defy Beijing 's vision for its political future in the midst of its longest series of political protests since the 1997 handover . Their goal is to pressure China into giving the former British colony full universal suffrage . Dozens have been reported injured by authorities . On the social media front , Instagram has been blocked in China since Sunday . Users can not view images and a message reads on the site : "  Ca n't refresh feed . " China observers noted that while the app ca n't be accessed in China for most , the country 's First Lady Peng Liyuan 's official Instagram account posted a picture of her and her husband , China 's President Xi Jinping , on Monday . The photo app has been viewed as a relatively non-political social media platform , said King-wa Fu , an assistant professor at the University of Hong Kong . "  In the past two days , we can see a lot of people holding phones and taking pictures of different  Hong Kong protest  scenes on Instagram , Facebook and sharing it around , " he said . "  It 's a huge amount of pictures posted in a short period of time . " That may have led to the blocking of the photo-sharing app , Fu said . The Chinese government maintains strict controls over what can be seen on the Internet and social media . This firewall extends to Facebook , Twitter and YouTube , and Google is rarely accessible . Hong Kong does not fall under the same restrictions . China 's massively popular microblogging site , Sina Weibo is being censored at the highest rate this year with "  Hong Kong " as the most commonly deleted term , according to Weiboscope , a Hong Kong University effort that monitors deleted posts . About 152 out of 10,000 Weibo posts were blocked , said Fu , who also works on Weiboscope . Why China censors Hong Kong demonstrations Photos of police confronting young pro-democracy protesters are sensitive in China , because it 's a reminder of Tiananamen Square , in which Chinese authorities cracked down on student protesters on June 4 , 1989 , Fu said . "  If you look at the political agenda of protests in Hong Kong , they have the same objectives . They 're calling for democracy in Hong Kong and political reform . These are two main sensitive topics in China . This is the topic they do n't want the Chinese citizens to widely discuss , " he said . But China can not completely black out any knowledge of the Hong Kong protests , especially with 40 million mainland arrivals to the special administrative region every year . Chinese authorities can not control whether its citizens know about pro-democracy Hong Kong protests , but they can shut down "  autonomous communication space " where public discussions can take place in China , said Xiao Qiang , an adjunct professor for the School of Information at the University of California at Berkeley . "  That 's what they 're trying to repress , " he said . "  The Chinese government fears that the kinds of protest and exercise of rights demanding greater political freedom will be contagious and trigger something in China , " he said . "  That 's what they fear the most . " What you can see in China The protest intensified Sunday when Hong Kong police unleashed tear gas on demonstrators . But there was no mention of it on the evening Chinese state-run CCTV news . On Monday morning , the homepage of China 's major portals such as Sina , Sohu , 163 and China 's state-run news agency Xinhua did not mention the events either . Searches on China 's top search engine sites such as Baidu and Sogou for the terms "  Hong Kong protest " or even "  Hong Kong students " yielded irrelevant results such as stories showing a a blissful image of Hong Kong residents picnicking on the grass or how Hong Kong is welcoming tourists from the mainland during the national holiday week . When relevant results appeared on the Chinese search engines , the articles contained a distinctively pro-China slant and even surfaced a month-old article about a small pro-Beijing counter-protest in Hong Kong . Content that was more sympathetic to Hong Kong protesters had been removed with messages reading : "  In accordance with relevant laws , regulations and policies , search results could not be displayed . "	China 's news and social media are stripped of discussions on Hong Kong protests China fears discussion of political rights , dissent and civil disobedience , observers say Instagram has been blocked since Sunday when protests heated up
CNN  -- With its vast array of freaky specimens that seem to belong in some haunted manor , Philadelphia 's 150-year-old Mutter Museum may be the gold standard in medical museums . But it 's not alone . Museums dedicated to niche medicine , pathology , anatomical curiosities and cultural trends keep visitors fascinated and appalled with their educational and grotesque displays . Whether it 's an oversized parasite , a diseased organ preserved in formaldehyde or a historical look at the outrageous medical practices of yore , there 's bound to be an address to discover some sort of unnerving discovery even in less traveled destinations . In honor of International Museum Day on May 18 , here are the world 's weirdest medical museums . Bart 's Pathology Museum , England A university collection started in 1879 , this exclusive medical oddity exhibit is part of the Queen Mary , University of London . It 's open only for special soirees and events that fill up quickly . It 's even hosted a pop-up cake shop by Eat Your Heart Out bakers . The nearly 5,000 specimens include various objects pulled from human bodies over the last 150 years -- toothbrush in the esophagus , anyone ? Also on display : the dissected body parts of assassin John Belingham among other relics dating to the 1700s . Bart 's Pathology Museum , Robin Brook Centre , West Smithfield , London ; +44 20 7882 8766 ; open for select events at the moment Berlin Museum of Medical History at the Charité , Germany Snippets of Germany 's medical history find a home in this restored 19th-century building that houses 1,800 of the 23,000 original specimens that survived World War II bombings . The oldest artifacts include bladder stones from the 1700s . Other curios include a 60-pound megacolon from a patient who died in 1960 , an 18th-century birthing chair and various tumors alongside forms of other disease . The museum also traces the darker side of German medicine , including how the National Socialists used science to justify their horrific actions toward race purification . Berlin Museum of Medical History at the Charité , Charitéplatz 1 , Berlin ; +49 30 450 536 156 ; Tuesday-Sunday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday , Wednesday , Saturday 10 a.m.-7 p.m. ; $ 7  $ 9 Choowondang Korean Medical Museum , South Korea Opened in 2008 in a thriving medical center dating from the 1800s , this museum details the history of Korean medicine . Items including medical chests and documents are on display , giving insight into the development of Eastern medical practices . The adjoining clinic launched just after the Korean War broke , which was when the Yoon family moved their practice south from North Korea . A main feature of the building is the herbal-production lab with gleaming metal drums shining through the glass walls . Choowondang Korean Medical Museum , 153-1 , Nakwon-dong , Jongno-gu , Seoul , South Korea ; +82 2 3672 2005 ; Monday-Wednesday , Friday 9:30 a.m.-6 p.m. , Thursday 9:30 a.m.-12 :30 p.m. ; 2,000  $ 2 Fragonard Museum , France Originally an anatomy collection for veterinary students begun in the 1700s just outside Paris , the curiosities-filled Musée Fragonard opened to the public in 1902 , closing in the 1990s for renovations that lasted until 2008 . Skeletons and anatomical displays fill the rooms , but the main event is in the cabinet of unsettling specimens . The skinned bodies flayed by expert 18th-century anatomist Honoré Fragonard are some of the most renowned yet unsettling specimens in Europe . Horses , monkeys and even human fetuses are on display , showing all of the gory innards that our skin  fortunately  covers . Fragonard Museum , 7 avenue du Général de Gaulle , Maisons Alfort , France ; +33 143967172 ; Tuesday-Wednesday 2 p.m.-6 p.m , Saturday-Sunday 1 p.m.-6 p.m. ; $ 7  $ 9 Ibn Sina Academy of Medieval Medicine and Science , India Named after a 10th-century Islamic philosopher and physician , this museum takes a glimpse into medicine across the Middle East and Asia . Its modest but ancient collection includes artifacts from Greco-Arab doctors and medical manuscripts dating to the tenth century . Unani drugs and some dusty-looking tools are on display alongside a large array of busts of then-famous scientists , few of whom will be familiar at all . There are also handmade antiquated clay and mud molds showing the GI and respiratory systems . Ibn Sina Academy of Medieval Medicine and Science , Tijara House , Dodhpur , Aligarh , India ; +91 571 3290275 ; Monday-Saturday 9 a.m.-2 p.m. , Sunday 4 p.m.-8 p.m. ; free admission Meguro Parasitological Museum , Japan Celebrating its 60th birthday this year , the Meguro Museum started out when Dr. Satoru Kamegai began exhibiting parasites to raise public awareness after World War II . His specimens evolved into one of the most intriguing medical museums in the world , with two floors dedicated entirely to hundreds of skin-crawling  and burrowing  parasites . The museum owns approximately 60,000 specimens . An impossibly long Diphyllobothrium nihonkaiense , or tapeworm , is on display . Those who want to keep the experience alive can purchase a T-shirt with the creature printed on it , more or less where it would be living inside of you , feeding parasitically . Meguro Parasitological Museum , 4-1-1 Shimomeguro , Meguro-ku , Tokyo , Japan ; +81 337161264 ; Tuesday-Sunday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ; free admission  donations welcome Museum of Human Disease , Australia This educational museum helps you to "  know your enemy , " presenting more than 2,000 examples of human diseases past and present . Among the samples are a 19th-century tuberculosis lung , an ovarian tumor featuring teeth and hair and brains infected with mad cow disease . Largely geared toward students , welcoming nearly 10,000 a year , the museum is the only one of its kind in Australia open to the public . Opened in 1960 , the museum continues to update its collection . Museum of Human Disease , Ground Floor Samuels Building , UNSW Sydney , New South Wales , Australia ; +61 29385 1522 ; Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ; AU$ 11  $ 11 Museum Vrolik , Netherlands This medical and anatomy museum is just one of many trippy experiences in Amsterdam . The 10,000 oddball items from the Vrolik family 's collection dating to the 1700s include one-eyed creatures , preserved conjoined twins and so-called mermaid fetuses . The 16th-century bladder stone the size of a human fist is especially painful to look at , but no more than the pathologically deformed bones or corset livers . Museum Vrolik , Academic Medical Center , Meibergdreef , Amsterdam ; +31 20 566 4927 ; Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-5 p.m. ; free admission Paul Stradin 's History of Medicine Museum , Latvia Latvia does n't scream medical tourism , but this museum 's hodgepodge of items started by Latvia 's greatest surgeon and medical historian is worth a visit . Dr. Paul Stradins started the collection in the 1920s . It includes , among other things , both a two-headed canine and the dog named Chernushka , who was launched into space aboard Sputnik 9 , and survived . The museum houses more than 203,000 items , with dioramas including a recreated medieval pharmacy and town that explores healing techniques of the Middle Ages . Paul Stradin 's History of Medicine Museum , Antonijas iela 1 , Rīga , Latvia ; +37 167222665 ; Tuesday-Saturday 11 a.m.-6 p.m. , Thursday 11 a.m.-7 p.m. ; 1.50 lats  $ 3 The Maude Abbott Medical Museum Osler Collection , Canada A varied collection of about 150 organs dating to the late 19th century is the major draw at this Canadian academic museum . The only problem is that you ca n't visit it -- yet . The museum is , for the moment , exclusively online , featuring detailed images and information for the collection , but McGill University is making room for a physical exhibition to showcase the extensive array of innards , skeletons , autopsy log books and pathological specimens . Many of the organs come from across North America , but are primarily from local Montreal hospitals . The Maude Abbott Medical Museum Osler Collection , Duff Medical Building , Room B4 , 3775 University Street , Montréal , Quebec ; collection only available online at the moment 10 of the world 's best dinosaur museums	Medical museums around the world display grotesque curiosities related to niche medicine , pathology , anatomy and cultural trends International Museum Day is May 18 Curios include two-headed dog , one-eyed creatures , preserved conjoined twins and brains infected with mad cow disease
Tanzania is far more than just a spot to climb the world 's tallest freestanding mountain . The East African country 's stunning wildlife , expansive volcanic crater and intriguing islands all set it apart as a unique destination . Massive Mount Kilimanjaro just adds to its allure . The Indian Ocean laps Tanzania 's eastern edge between Kenya and Mozambique , and the "  spice island " of Zanzibar is 22 miles off the mainland . Tanzania 's sprawling plains are sparsely populated , by people , at least . About half the world 's dwindling lion population lives in East Africa , estimates indicate . Here are five ways to experience Tanzania 's splendor . Instagram : Following Bourdain around the world Roam the Ngorongoro Crater Sometimes called "  Africa 's Garden of Eden , " some 25,000 large animals live in the Ngorongoro Conservation Area , which stretches across 3,200 square miles of the southeastern Serengeti Plains adjacent to Serengeti National Park . The 12-mile-wide Ngorongoro Crater is the area 's crown jewel . The largest unbroken caldera in the world , it is thought to have formed after an active volcano collapsed about 2.5 million years ago . Well over a million wildebeest pass through the area during the annual Great Migration , one of the planet 's most remarkable natural spectacles . From December to March each year , wildebeest , zebras and other animals gather near Lake Ndutu on the edge of the conservation area . From there they move north , eventually ending up in the Northern Serengeti and Kenya 's Maasai Mara in the fall . Beyond the huge wildebeest herds , black rhinos , leopards , gazelles and birds thrive here -- as does that most powerful crowd-pleaser , the lion . ` Parts Unknown ' : 14 things to know about Paraguay Get to know the lions You 're bound to be on the lookout for lions in the Serengeti and their conservation deserves a special mention . The tawny lion prides dominating the Ndutu area of the southeastern Serengeti are not your "  Lion King " variety of big fuzzy kittens . These giant creatures are respected among locals because of their history of asserting dominance when challenged by aggressive hunters . In an attempt to discourage the trend of stalking and killing lions in the Amboseli Ecosystem , conservation organization Lion Guardians recruits young Maasai warriors to instead protect the regal creatures . By naming the lions and developing relationships by tracking them , members of the guardian program recognize that animals like local lioness Selenkay can live in peace with their human neighbors . Safaris throughout the vast Serengeti give visitors the rare opportunity to see these majestic cats in their native territory . The Ndutu Safari Lodge features 34 cottages with porches facing Lake Ndutu . Learn about Maasai culture For the Maasai , one of the last warrior tribes in the world , cattle are integral to day-to-day life . Besides providing sustenance in the form of milk , and sometimes meat and blood , cows are also currency in the region . The tribes move with their livestock across northern Tanzania and southern Kenya , constructing villages as they go . The settlements generally consist of a ring fence that encloses a group of families , their herds and a collection of mud and dung houses . Where livestock gathers , so do big cats hunting for meals . Relations between the Maasai and the lions that lure tourists by the truckload are tense but evolving . The Maasai are formidable opponents strengthened by a nearly 100 % protein diet . A staple is amasi , a lumpy , yogurt-like drink made from fermented milk . Sample the Spice Islands The semi-autonomous islands off the coast of Tanzania exhibit the rich and varied influences that arrived on their shores . On the island of Zanzibar , African , Arab , Indian and European flavors emerge in the cuisine , the homes , the people and the famous carved doors . Today , 99 % of the population is Muslim , compared with about a third of the mainland population . Tourism has replaced the spice and slave trades that shaped the island 's history , and delicious street food is part of the local island experience . Every night in Stone Town 's Forodhani Gardens , vendors set up stalls selling seafood snacks and the famous Zanzibar pizza . Zanzibar pizza is revered as one of the most delicious foods in the region . With toppings ranging from fresh meats to juicy mango , the crepe-like pizza carries its flavorful toppings on the inside almost akin to a burrito . Unlike traditional pizza crust , Zanzibar 's variety has the texture of a pancake . And who does n't love pancakes ? The various carts are piled with fresh seafood skewers , African doughnuts called "  mandazi " and fried breads . To wash down all the yumminess , try some honey beer or a mixture of sugar cane water , ginger and lime juice . Nearby Pemba Island , also part of the Zanzibar Archipelago , offers a quieter , unspoiled experience . Known as "  the Green Island " for its lush vegetation , the delicately sweet fragrance of cloves permeates the air , underlining the "  spice island " moniker . The rolling hills also produce other fragrant crops like mangoes and coconuts . Pemba 's coast is home to some of East Africa 's best diving . Go snorkeling or diving in the translucent waters to admire graceful manta rays , stunning live coral and schools of jewel-toned fish . Conquer Kilimanjaro The tallest freestanding mountain in the world , northeastern Tanzania 's Mount Kilimanjaro draws tourists because of its relatively accessible trails . While other towering summits require Spiderman-like agility and climbing skills , conquering Kilimanjaro primarily demands training , determination and a sturdy walking stick . Kilimanjaro is Africa 's highest peak at 19,340 feet . Allot a minimum of five or six days of climbing to reach the top . As climbers ascend the mountain , they experience each of Africa 's climates , from the tropical heat at the bottom to the clear iciness at the top of Africa . The view at the summit , Uhuru Point , presents a breathtaking picture of the sprawling country below .	Tanzania is home to the wildlife-rich Ngorongoro Crater , formed by a volcanic collapse Lions and warriors co-exist on the Serengeti Plains Zanzibar and Pemba islands offer visitors a totally different slice of Tanzania
CNN  -- Sports fans may have been deprived of another chance to see Lionel Messi stake his claim to be considered the greatest footballer of all time after Barcelona failed to progress to the final of the Champions League . But far from the bright lights of Munich 's Allianz Arena , in a quiet corner of England , another athlete was busy rewriting the history books . Humans have been selectively breeding racehorses for 300 years , always in search of that elusive specimen of equine perfection who can redefine our idea of what might be possible on four legs . In Frankel , we may have found it . In action for the first time since last October in the Group 1 Lockinge Stakes at Newbury , for his trainer , Henry Cecil , it was a chance to show the world that his colt had overcome a leg injury sustained on Newmarket gallops , news of which had sent shockwaves throughout the racing world . Brutal beauty For his jockey , Tom Queally , it was a chance to prove that the four-year-old Frankel was a more mature , calmer beast than the Frankel of last season , without losing any of his domineering physicality or brutal beauty . For Frankel , it was first blood in a senior campaign that could see him elevated to the ranks of the best Thoroughbreds ever to grace a racetrack . Sent off at odds as short of 1-4 -- meaning a $ 4 bet would earn you just $ 1 -- the undefeated son of Galileo was always going to have to be at this best to overcome a field that included Aiden O'Brien 's improving colt Excelebration  who surely would be considered a superstar in his own right had he not had the misfortune to be racing in the same era as Frankel  . As expected , the pacemaker Bullet Train  a half-brother to Frankel  set a strong early gallop , with Frankel tucked in second place . All-devouring stride But when Queally pulled the pin with three furlongs to go , it felt more like a coronation than a contest , Frankel 's all devouring stride putting more and more distance between him and a somewhat subdued Excelebration , who finished five lengths back . The victory means Frankel extends his unbeaten run to 10 from 10 . His next appearance is likely to be the Queen Anne Stakes at Royal Ascot , when he will face some of the best milers in Europe . After that , Cecil has indicated a step up in trip will be the next logical step , to see if Frankel can reproduce his devastating form over distances of up to a mile and a half . Such is Frankel 's superiority over his rivals that Queally rarely has to ask him to hit top speed  indeed , far more familiar is the sight of the hulking colt taking a strong hold as Queally tries to restrain him  . The result is the Frankel has not run a race to trouble the handicappers since his devastating performance in the 2,000 Guineas last year . In spite of that , Frankel has a Timeform rating of 143 , the third-highest of all time , behind the great Sea Bird II  145  and Brigadier General and Tudor Minstrel  both on 144  . Black Caviar showdown ? Is there a horse in the world who can push Frankel to the kind of performance that would see him take his rightful place at the top of the all-time list ? An Australian mare by the name of Black Caviar may have something to say about that . She will also be at Royal Ascot , although she will run in the sprinter 's Diamond Jubilee Stakes . Such is the clamor in the racing world for a Frankel-Black Caviar showdown , billionaire owner Sheikh Fahad al Thani has offered a purse of $ 1.6 million if they both line up for the Sussex Stakes at Glorious Goodwood , a race that Frankel won last year . Cecil has indicated he would love to see the two best horses in the world face each other , although Black Caviar 's trainer , Peter Moody , remains cautious about exposing his mare over Frankel 's preferred distance of a mile on the undulating Goodwood track . Whether or not the equine ` battle of the sexes ' ever materializes , the racing world has one more season to savor the exploits of the giant bay with the white star before his career follows its inevitable trajectory towards the breeding shed . A horse like Frankel does n't come along every day . Enjoy him while you can .	Frankel races to 10th win in 10 races with victory at Newbury Wins Group One Lockinge Stakes by five lengths Four-year-old Colt rated one of the great racehorses of all time Clamor for head to head with Australian champion Black Caviar
CNN  A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter 's conservator . Mitchell , who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997 , was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home . She remains at the hospital , according to Leslie Morris ' court petition filed April 28 . Morris is described as Mitchell 's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents . Whether the folk and jazz singer is conscious remains a matter of some confusion . In her April 28 petition , Morris says Mitchell is unconscious : "  At this time she  Mitchell  remains unconscious and unable to make any responses , and is therefore unable to provide for any of her personal needs . " But on Mitchell 's website , a statement posted the same day that says it was approved by Morris says Mitchell is alert . "  Contrary to rumors circulating on the Internet today , Joni is not in a coma . Joni is still in the hospital -- but she comprehends , she 's alert , and she has her full senses . A full recovery is expected . The document obtained by a certain media outlet simply gives her longtime friend Leslie Morris the authority -- in the absence of 24-hour doctor care -- to make care decisions for Joni once she leaves the hospital . " When asked about the discrepancy between statements about Mitchell 's health on her website and in the legal filing , her publicist , Alisse Kingsley , responded that "  the website " was accurate . A doctor 's capacity declaration stated that Mitchell will likely be unable , due to her medical condition , to attend any court hearings for the next four to six months . Adoring fans are posting their tributes to Mitchell at WeLoveYouJoni.com . Sonya Hamasaki and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell is still hospitalized Her longtime friend Leslie Morris wants to be appointed her conservator
CNN  -- I ran my eighth Boston Marathon on Monday , the day the bombs went off . We can not let this terrible tragedy taint this amazing international event or let whoever was behind this evil act win . That 's why I will run it again . Marathoners are tough-minded and can endure discomfort for long periods of time . They enjoy running to push themselves and often run with others and make friends along the way . Some are highly competitive , like me , and enjoy the long , hard journey to get into marathon shape before the race . After all that training , the Boston Marathon is usually a very happy day that results in a joyous sense of accomplishment . But today , most runners are probably feeling as I do : disgusted , saddened , angry and depressed . The race feels surreal , almost as if it did n't happen , and as if a whole lot of training and hard work amounted to nothing . I do n't think one participant can walk away from that marathon and feel glad . Most people say they want to forget it because of all the sadness and loss . On the day of the marathon , I had set out to Hopkinton , Massachusetts , where the race begins , to start in the elite women 's field , which begins 30 minutes ahead of the remaining waves . As I was standing on the starting line and looking at the thousands of people around me , I was struck by a terrible and unusual thought : "  Today 's venue would be an opportune time for someone to hurt a lot of people . " It passed , the gun went off , and I was on my way to Boston . This was an especially exciting year because it was the first time my three children , who are 13 , 11 and 10 , came to watch mommy run the Boston race . As I concluded the race , the second master 's finisher and 20th woman overall , I was immediately escorted back to the Fairmont Copley Hotel where my family and I were staying . We were sitting around discussing the race , and the first explosion went off . Then the next . We all looked at each other wondering what that could have been -- with a gut-wrenching feeling , we realized it had to be bad . Sirens were wailing , and the streets were full of commotion . Panicky texts were coming in fast from family and friends , asking if we were all safe , sending information about the two bombs that went off at the finish line . Our TV was turned off : Someone had told me to keep it off to spare the kids the gory details . The hotel went into lockdown for the next five hours , and our fear grew . We could n't help but think of all the people involved , the people who were killed and injured , their families , the volunteers , the first responders , the medical personnel and the runners . We wondered how race director Dave McGillivray was doing . He has the respect of the whole running community for all he has done to make the Boston Marathon so special and memorable for everyone involved . My kids keep saying , "  What kind of an idiot would do something like this ? Who would do this ? What do you think they are feeling about what they did right now ? Are you scared to run the Boston Marathon again , Mommy ? " Runners will continue to participate in the Boston Marathon -- but it may take years for the fear to go away completely . I love running this marathon and will continue to do it . But next time I run down Boylston Street to the finish line , I will think of all the people injured and the ones who lost their lives for nothing . And I think my children have seen their mom run the Boston Marathon for the first and last time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheri Piers	Sheri Piers , a pro runner , ran the Boston Marathon on Monday for her eighth time Piers says we ca n't let this tragedy taint the marathon or let whoever did it win Piers feels no sense of accomplishment ; she says most runners want to forget race Piers will run the Boston race again but will always remember what happened
Turns out you can do a lot of really smart things , as long as you 're clueless . At Not Impossible Labs , we 've already created a device to let a paralyzed painter create his art , using just the movement of his eyes . We made it to the Sudan and printed a new arm on a 3D printer for a teenaged boy whose arms were blown off in the war -- and he fed himself for the first time in two years . And pretty soon , we 'll have a device that will allow patients suffering from Lou Gehrig 's disease to type on a computer -- just by thinking . We did n't have any fancy labs for any of this , or gigantic budgets . We did n't go through insurance companies or medical labs . We made all of these devices for maybe a couple hundred bucks apiece -- some for much less .  the Brainwriter , as we 're calling it , includes a homemade EEG device based on a prototype that a couple of our team members fashioned out of some electrodes , two nine-volt batteries , and an old sock , in their kitchen , at 2 in the morning . I was n't there , but I 'm told there was some whiskey involved as well  . In each case , the experts told us that what we were doing just could n't be done . Fortunately , we did n't listen , or did n't hear them , or ignored them , or were oblivious , or all of the above . We went ahead and tried anyway . And what do you know . It worked . This all started when I met a graffiti artist named Tempt , who was paralyzed with ALS . I was a film producer , with no experience whatsoever in the field of technological medical devices . But when I learned how he was communicating with his family -- they 'd run their fingers over a piece of paper with the alphabet printed on it , he 'd blink when they 'd get to the letter he wanted , and , painstakingly , he 'd spell out a sentence -- I was moved , and angry , and a whole lot of other things . And I blurted out to his father , "  We will find a way to get Tempt to paint again . " See , I was just clueless enough not to know that that was impossible . Funny how that works . So we got a bunch of crazy hackers together , and Tempt 's plight gave way to the Eyewriter : a device that tracked his eye movements , translated that to a cursor , and allowed him to create drawings . It was a beautiful thing to see . And a beautiful beginning . At one point , a group of programmers and coders told us , "  If you had any clue how hard it is to do what you did , you never would have tried it in the first place . " I 'm so glad we were clueless . What happened with Tempt gave way to the Not Impossible Labs , a foundation and company with a simple idea . We 'll create these devices with whatever we can -- coat hangers , duct tape , chewing gum . Essential to the process is what 's called "  open source " -- we give everything away , for free . We post the design on the Web and hope other people will pick it up and improve it . That 's just what happened with the Eyewriter : A Samsung engineering team in South Korea saw the device and made a better one . Now Samsung , working with a government agency , is providing hundreds of those to ALS patients . And they 've "  open-sourced " their design as well -- so now anyone can make one , for around 50 bucks . We starting thinking about what we were doing as the Revolution Against the Absurd . Anyone who has tried to get a medical device for a loved one , and had to negotiate the maze that 's created by the provider , the hospital , the lawyers , the insurance companies , knows just how absurd it can be . It 's absurd that in this day and age , an ALS patient would have to communicate with his parents by watching them run their fingers over a piece of paper . It 's like seeing someone rubbing two sticks together , and thinking , hey , someone should invent a match for these people . So that 's what we 're doing . We 're down in the basement , inventing matches . Everyone told me I was crazy to go to the Sudan -- one of the most dangerous , war-torn areas of the globe -- in search of Daniel , a boy I 'd read about whose arms had been blown off by a bomb . Three months later , we 'd not only tracked Daniel down and fashioned a new hand for him , but we left the 3D printer and materials behind , and trained a group of locals to make the hands -- which they 're cranking out now , for others maimed in the war . Not Impossible just kept growing -- because of passionate , brilliant people who were always willing and able to do good , but just needed a place to point their energy . A guy up in Canada named Javed Gangjee saw a TED talk I gave about the Eyewriter , decided he wanted in , and started devoting all his spare time to taking it one step further . The Eyewriter relies on the patient 's ability to blink , as a way to "  click " the cursor the way you 'd click a mouse . But what about patients who ca n't control their ocular muscles anymore ? he asked . Do n't they deserve to communicate , too ? So he started devoting all his spare time to hooking our Eyewriter device up to an EEG -- a homemade device to register brain activity as a way of clicking a mouse . "  Working in the scientific field , you kind of run into ` yes ' people and ` no ' people , " said David Putrino , another member of the Brainwriter team  and the one who came up with the electrodes-and-sock model .  "  There are the scientific people who are the skeptics , who just say there 's just no way this can be done . And there are people like me and Javed who say , ` this is totally impossible , but we 're just gon na try and do it . ' " David possesses a quality -- as do the other members of the team , Dan Goodwin and Sam Bergen -- that , I think , is essential to success . We call it beautiful naïvete . Because if you 're just naïve enough to believe you can do what everybody tells you that you ca n't , amazing things can happen . It 's just possible , in fact , that you 'll discover what each of us has discovered : That nothing , in fact , is impossible .	Ebeling started Not Impossible because "  I hate the word ` no ' . " They look to "  crowdsource " technological solutions to problems Not Impossible found a way to print 3-d limbs for less than a tenth of their usual cost They created a device that allowed a paralyzed graffitti artist to draw with his eyes
CNN  -- Channing Tatum and Jonah Hill should be sick of each other by now . And if they were n't really friends off screen , they probably would be . After filming the surprisingly successful "  21 Jump Street " and reteaming for the June 13 follow-up , "  22 Jump Street , " the two actors have put in countless hours filming and doing press for their projects , the kind of time that could strain any professional relationship . But as Tatum told CNN at the "  22 Jump Street " premiere on Tuesday , these two got "  lucky . " "  It does n't always work out like this , " Tatum , 34 , said . "  Sometimes you take a movie because you like someone 's work , and then you get to work with them and you do n't actually enjoy working with them . And we just got really lucky . " In the "  Jump Street " movies , the pair play former high school foes who become friends after being partnered as police officers . The concept is a spin on the '80s TV series of the same name , and , like in the TV show , Hill 's Schmidt and Tatum 's Jenko are at first sent to work undercover in a high school . The resulting comedy , "  21 Jump Street , " was released in March 2012 to critical praise and box office success , proving that Tatum could do more than just sub as a heartthrob . "  21 Jump Street " was such a hit that it was n't long before a sequel was announced , and by most accounts , "  22 Jump Street " is just as funny as the first . What works so well in the film , which sees the pair 's undercover cops head to work on a college campus , is what cements the duo 's bond off-screen : a raunchy , daring sense of humor . For example , the "  X-rated " bet that they made before the opening of "  21 Jump Street " -- wherein Hill promised to "  kiss the tip " of a certain part of Tatum 's anatomy through his underwear if they reached $ 35 million that first weekend -- is exactly the kind of off-the-wall camaraderie that comes across on screen . "  For this kind of movie , " Hill observed at the premiere , "  the friendship translates into what the movie 's about , which is kind of rad . " CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Channing Tatum says he and Jonah Hill got "  lucky " with their friendship The two off-screen friends bring their bond to "  22 Jump Street " The comedy sequel opens on June 13
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A Lebanese bank has denied accusations by the U.S. Treasury Department that it is involved in laundering hundreds of millions of dollars on behalf of a drug kingpin -- and rejected claims it has links with Hezbollah , the Lebanon-based militia . On Thursday the Treasury described the Lebanese Canadian Bank in Beirut as a "  financial institution of primary money laundering concern . " The Treasury said it had reason to believe that managers at the bank were complicit in money laundering by Ayman Joumaa , an alleged trafficker accused by U.S. authorities of shipping drugs from South America to Europe and the Middle East through west Africa . The Treasury also said its action in designating the Lebanese Canadian Bank  LCB  exposed links between the bank and Hezbollah -- which is listed as a terrorist organization by the United States . Designation means that U.S. persons are prohibited from conducting financial or commercial transactions with individuals listed , whose assets under U.S. jurisdiction are frozen . U.S. Under Secretary for Terrorism and Financial Intelligence Stuart Levey said : "  Any financial institution that collaborates in illicit conduct on this scale risks losing its access to the United States . " The bank 's chairman , Georges Zard Abou Jaoude , told CNN Friday that the bank had no relationship whatsoever with Hezbollah nor to the best of its knowledge with anyone designated by the U.S. Treasury Department . Jaoude said the bank had identified an account in Joumaa 's name but it had not been used in four years . It had notified Lebanese regulators about the account , and the bank 's books had been regularly inspected by the Special Investigation Commission , a Lebanese task force set up to counter money laundering . The Treasury said Joumaa 's network "  launders hundreds of millions of dollars monthly through accounts held at LCB , as well as through trade-based money laundering involving consumer goods throughout the world . " In its statement issued Thursday , the Treasury estimated that as much as $ 200 million was being laundered on a monthly basis . "  At least one of the individuals involved in this global drug trafficking and money laundering network has worked directly with LCB managers to conduct his transactions , " the Treasury said . The U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration , which was also involved in the investigation , said : "  The Lebanese Canadian Bank for years has participated in a sophisticated money laundering scheme involving used cars purchased in the United States and consumer goods overseas . " The Treasury said the bank 's links to Hezbollah included a subsidiary in Gambia called Prime Bank , formed in 2009 , which it said was "  partially owned by a Lebanese individual known to be a supporter of Hezbollah . " Jaoude told CNN the bank rigorously adhered to all blacklists published by financial authorities around the world . He said the bank had not been contacted in advance by the U.S. Treasury 's Office of Foreign Assets Control before Thursday 's announcement and he was urgently trying to contact U.S. authorities . "  All our books are open to the American Treasury , " Jaoude said . "  We have to clear our name , " he said . In its most recent annual report , the bank said "  it is fighting money laundering by complying with international and -LSB- Lebanese -RSB- Central Bank circulars . " The Lebanese Canadian bank has 35 branches in Lebanon , as well as its subsidiary in Gambia and an office in Canada . The bank has grown quickly in recent years , from assets of $ 2.83 billion in 2005 to $ 5.18 billion in 2009 . Ayman Joumaa was designated in January -- along with nine individuals and 19 entities connected to his drug trafficking and money laundering . A Treasury statement said he "  coordinated the transportation , distribution , and sale of multi-ton shipments of cocaine from South America and has laundered the proceeds from the sale of cocaine in Europe and the Middle East , according to investigations led by the Drug Enforcement Administration . " Joumaa 's whereabouts are unknown . He is believed to hold Lebanese and Colombian passports . One of the entities designated along with Joumaa was a company that runs a used car business in Benin and Congo out of southern Lebanon . Its manager , Iman Kharoubi , told Lebanon 's Daily Star last month : "  We work in Lebanon and Congo and Benin in Africa . But we do not know who Ayman Joumaa is ; we do n't have anything to do with him . " CNN 's attempts to reach Kharoubi were unsuccessful . For several years , U.S. authorities have alleged that Hezbollah is profiting from drug trafficking from South America to Europe via west Africa . In June 2008 , the U.S. Treasury Department designated two Venezuelans of Lebanese descent as Hezbollah financiers and supporters .	Treasury says bank launders money for drug dealer , has ties to Hezbollah Bank chairman says bank is not involved in money laundering Treasury says money from South American cocaine shipments laundered by bank
CNN  -- Debris from a cargo ship that ran aground off the coast of New Zealand last year , and split in two over the weekend , washed up on a local beach Monday . Four shipping containers also came ashore on Waihi Beach , and another seven are within a mile of the shore , Maritime New Zealand said in a statement . Police closed public access to the beach . People are being encouraged to steer clear of the water , and to report whatever debris they see . So far , the reported debris includes timber , milk powder and plastic material . "  There is inevitably going to be a lot of mess and disturbance for the next few days while this is cleaned up and we would like people to use common sense and stay well away from the debris -- in some cases this will mean staying out of the water as well as away from material washed up on the beach , " National On Scene Commander Alex van Wijngaarden said in the statement . The Rena , a Liberian-flagged vessel , struck the Astrolabe Reef , about 12 nautical miles off the city of Tauranga , on the North Island , in October . It split in two over the weekend , triggering fears of a fresh oil spill . Hundreds of tonnes of oil have already leaked from the ship , leading New Zealand 's environment minister to call the spill the country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster . But on Monday , maritime officials said there is "  no indication of a significant release of oil from the Rena , although a sheen of oil is still visible off the vessel . " Between 200 and 300 containers on the ship were lost overboard when it broke in two , Maritime New Zealand said .	Police close Waihi Beach as shipping containers come ashore The cargo ship broke in two over the weekend It ran aground off New Zealand 's North Island in October Government : Spill is country 's most significant maritime environmental disaster
CNN  -- The Justice Department has reached a settlement with American Airlines and US Airways that requires them to sell facilities at seven airports in order to complete their planned $ 11 billion merger to create the world 's biggest carrier . The deal announced Tuesday allows low-cost airlines to increase their presence at Boston Logan , Chicago 's O'Hare , Dallas Love Field , Los Angeles , Miami , New York LaGuardia , and Washington National airports . The Justice Department and attorneys general from several states and the District of Columbia sued in August seeking to block the merger on grounds it would lead to higher prices and less service for consumers . Feeling cramped ? How to battle the shrinking airline seat The agreement requires court approval as part of American 's bankruptcy restructuring . The carriers now expect to complete their merger in December . Antitrust officials claimed the planned merger , which follows a wave of airline industry consolidation in recent years , would "  substantially lessen competition " for commercial air travel . The carriers fought back , saying that integrating their networks to benefit passengers was their motivation for merging and that blocking the deal would only "  deny customers access " to a broader network that "  gives them more choices . " What 's holding back African airlines ?	Justice Department had sued to block the planned combination of the two big airlines The deal announced on Tuesday requires the carriers to sell certain facilities to boost competition
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The federal judge whose husband and mother were slain in their family home in Chicago , Illinois , four years ago was honored Monday by U.S. marshals charged with combating a growing number of threats to the judiciary . Judge Joan Lefkow has advocated improving judicial security since her husband and mother were killed . Judge Joan Lefkow , who eventually returned to the bench , credited the marshals who protect federal judges at work and at home with major improvements in judicial security in the years since her family tragedy . "  It 's now four years later , and I do see dawn has broken , " Lefkow told a crowd of friends and federal officials gathered at the Marshals Service headquarters across the Potomac River from Washington . The improved security -- including home intrusion security systems and coordinated intelligence and threat analysis -- was badly needed , according to both judges and the Marshals Service . The number of threats has increased each year , and is expected to exceed 1,500 this year , up from 1,278 last year . "  We 've already had 600 inappropriate communications reported in the first months of this year , " said Marshals Service spokesman Dave Turner . Whether real threats or hoaxes , every e-mail , phone call , written note and letter -- including some with white powder -- is investigated . The scope and seriousness of the protective effort increased sharply after the Lefkow tragedy . On Tuesday , the Marshals Service dedicated the "  Joan Lefkow Conference Room " in the new Threat Management Center to the memory of her slain husband , Michael Lefkow , and mother , Donna Humphrey . Judge Lefkow returned home on February 28 , 2005 , to find them shot to death . The man authorities said was their killer committed suicide 10 days later when he was stopped by police in Wisconsin . The killer was angry that Judge Lefkow had dismissed his medical malpractice case and he sought revenge , police concluded . U.S. Marshals Director John Clark credits Lefkow 's advocacy for better security as the catalyst for dramatic changes . "  Because of her courage to speak out and her advocacy for reform in the protection of judges , things started to happen , " Clark said . He cited congressional funding for home-intrusion alarms in every judge 's residence and a sharp increase in funding to hire more threat investigators , protections specialists , analysts and trainers . The threat management center has been open for more than a year . Deputy marshals in the judicial protection effort attribute a growing number of the threats to disgruntled members of what is known as the sovereign citizenship movement . The movement is a loosely organized network of individuals and groups claiming not to be accountable to the federal government . The movement includes tax protesters , white separatists , zealots of fringe religious groups and desperate individuals lashing out at bankruptcy courts or judges who had wronged them . As a result , some judges have been given around-the-clock protective details by deputy marshals . "  While steady progress has been made , we must be ever vigilant and progressive in order to ensure we are providing the best possible protection to our nation 's judiciary , " Clark said .	U.S. Marshals honor federal judge whose husband and mother were killed Family killed by man angry at judge 's decision to dismiss malpractice case Judge Joan Lefkow , marshals have worked to help increase security for judges Lefkow : "  It 's now four years later , and I do see dawn has broken "
CNN  -- Robert Redford says bigotry , fear of change and a determination to personally destroy President Barack Obama have paralyzed the U.S. government . Women and young people are the answer to fixing the gridlock that has partially shut down Washington , the actor told CNN on Tuesday . "  Give them the reins , " Redford said . "  I think they can do better than we have . " Redford , 77 , sat down with CNN 's Nischelle Turner to talk about his new film , "  All Is Lost , " which he agreed could serve as an analogy to the shutdown crisis . In the movie , Redford plays a lone sailor struggling to stay alive after his sailboat is crippled by a collision with a container ship . "  At a certain point , I think , when things really get awful , when things get really bad and all seems to be lost -- there 's no hope , there 's no possibility -- then a lot of people quit , " Redford said about his character . "  They say , ` What 's the point ? ' and they quit . And others keep going for no other reason than that . " Opinion : Men dither while women lead Redford : ` Why are these people behaving so stupidly ? ' The conversation then turned to the drama playing out in Washington , where a standoff between Obama and Republicans in Congress has forced the federal government into a partial shutdown and threatened a default on the U.S. debt . "  It 's so divided now with the people that are so narrow and so limited that they would take us back into the past , " Redford said . "  And I was trying to figure out , why are these people behaving so stupidly ? Why are they behaving so horribly that it 's crippling our whole country ? "  And I think it has to do with fear . I think it 's a group of people that are so afraid of change , and they 're so narrow-minded that some people -- when they see change coming -- get so threatened by change , they get angry and they get terrorized , and then they get vicious . I think that 's who these people are . They 're so afraid of change that they 're behaving miserably . " Obama is "  a compassionate man who ca n't function " in this political environment , Redford said . It "  is so decrepit , it is so paralyzed , and the worst of it is it is paralyzed by intention , " he said . "  There is a body of congressional people that wants to paralyze the system . I think what sits underneath it , unfortunately , is there 's probably some racism involved , which is really awful . " Obama 's opponents reject whatever he might propose "  because their determination was to destroy this person , " Redford said . "  They wanted , if it meant destroying the government , anything to keep him from succeeding . "  I think just the idea of giving credit to this President , giving him credit for anything , is abhorrent to them , so they 'll go against it . Never mind that it 's the better good of the people , never mind that they 're supposed to be in office representing the interest of the public . They 're representing their own self-interests , which is very narrow and in some cases bigoted . " America 's problem : We 're too dumb Redford : All is not lost But , unlike his latest film title , all is not lost , Redford said . He said "  something new " is starting to happen that offers hope . "  Susan Collins , who is a Republican , is saying : ` Enough of this . This is not the job I signed up for . I 've got to do something , ' " said Redford , referring to the U.S. senator from Maine . "  So she 's bringing a bipartisan group together of women . I think the future should belong more to women and young people . " Women must save the country "  because a lot of men that were in control were behaving stupidly , " Redford said . "  I mean , sometimes you say : ` Can we actually be this dumbed down , or am I actually hearing what I 'm hearing from some of these people ? Are they really , is that really happening ? ' It 's sad . " Does this mean Redford is already throwing his support behind Hillary Clinton in a 2016 White House bid ? "  No , I would n't single out one woman over another , " he said . "  I think it 's time to give more women a chance . " "  All Is Lost , " which is almost a silent movie , with its sparse dialogue , hits U.S. theaters next week . Sundance 2013 : Redford answers conservative critics CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	President Obama "  ca n't function " now in Washington , Robert Redford says The actor says some in Congress are "  crippling our whole country " Redford sat down with CNN 's Nischelle Turner to talk about his new film , "  All Is Lost " He plays a lone sailor struggling to stay alive after his sailboat is crippled by a collision
CNN  -- The world 's biggest airport project received a boost this week as the ruler of Dubai announced a multi-billion dollar expansion to the city 's second airport . Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum approved a $ 32 billion plan to continue development of the eponymous Al Maktoum International Airport at Dubai World Central . The airport opened its doors to passengers last year but will be beefed up to ultimately accommodate over 200 million passengers per year and 12 million tons of cargo . The first phase will include the construction of two new satellite buildings with a capacity of 120 million passengers annually and the ability to host 100 Airbus A380 aircraft at any one time . Emirates , the flag-carrier of Dubai , is Airbus ' largest operator of the superjumbo . It has a current fleet of 52 , with 90 more on order . The first phase of expansion is expected to be completed within six to eight years . The entire development will cover 56 square kilometers . Currently over half of passengers flying to Dubai are connecting to other destinations and the new airport will build a system of automated trains and people movers to ferry people between gates . The two terminals will be served by three runways while the airport 's master plan has space to add two more . The growth of the airport to the south-west of the city center ties in with the greater development of Dubai World Central that will include residential and leisure facilities . It will also be the site of Dubai 's World Expo in 2020 . Paul Griffiths , CEO of Dubai Airports described the expansion as a "  strong endorsement of Dubai 's aviation industry , " and indicated the days of the Emirate 's current hub , Dubai International Airport  DXB  , are numbered . Passenger numbers there are expected to reach 100 million by 2020 -- since its inception it passenger numbers have grown an average of 15 % per year . However the airport has little space to expand . "  Our future lies at DWC  Al Maktoum International Airport  , " said Griffiths . "  We are taking that next step to securing our future by building a brand new airport that will not only create the capacity we need in the coming decades but also provide state of the art facilities that revolutionize the airport experience . " As well as packing in the passengers , the expanded airport  and its construction  is set to support 322,000 jobs and contribute 28 % to Dubai 's GDP , according to Dubai Airports . Elsewhere in the region , other airports are being supersized . Qatar 's Doha Hamad International Airport opened earlier this year with the world 's second longest runway , while Abu Dhabi is upgrading its facilities in a $ 6.8 billion project set to be complete in 2017 . Istanbul New Airport , meanwhile , is aiming for an annual capacity of 150 million passengers .	Al Maktoum International airport set for $ 32 billion expansion Enlarged airport in Dubai will be able to host 100 Airbus A380s at any one time When complete the airport could accommodate over 200 million passengers each year Visitors to Dubai 's current main airport have grown on average by 15 % annually
CNN  -- An Arizona couple who wanted to adopt a woman 's baby know more than they 're saying about the 8-month-old boy 's disappearance , police say . Gabriel Johnson has n't been seen since December 26 , police said , and his mother was arrested last week in Miami Beach , Florida , after not reporting for a December 28 child custody hearing in Arizona . "  We have some good indications at this point with our investigation that Tammi and Jack Smith do know more information than they have provided to us that could possibly lead us to Gabriel , " Sgt. Steve Carbajal , spokesman for the Tempe  Arizona  Police Department , told HLN 's Nancy Grace on Thursday . For their part , the Smiths told HLN 's Jean Casarez on "  Nancy Grace " that they voluntarily took polygraph tests Friday at the Tempe Police Department . "  The polygraph test is not like what you see on TV , " Jack Smith said . "  It 's almost like being strapped into the electric chair , so it 's very intensive . And we were very happy to do it . " The Smiths have said they met Elizabeth Johnson , 23 , seven months ago during a long layover at an airport , and later the three discussed a plan to adopt Johnson 's child , Gabriel . But the boy 's father , Logan McQueary , has legal custody and has said Elizabeth Johnson urged him to sign papers giving the Smiths custody of the boy , but he refused . "  She did n't want Logan to have the baby , and we could n't adopt the baby because Logan would n't sign the papers , " Tammi Smith said on "  Nancy Grace . " "  So her idea was to just keep running forever . And we told her , ` You ca n't run forever . They 're going to find you . ' " Elizabeth Johnson has refused to say where the boy is , according to police , and remains in a Florida jail on suspicion of custodial interference . Carbajal 's department has indications that Gabriel is alive , he said , adding that the Smiths have spoken with investigators . But he declined to say why police believe that the couple has more information . The Smiths say they do not know where Gabriel is . Watch what they say about the polygraphs Detectives have not been able to confirm that Johnson gave the child to an unidentified couple in San Antonio , Texas , as she has claimed . "  On one hand , we hear that that went down and the child was given away to an unknown couple at a park , " Carbajal said . "  We balance that with statements made by Elizabeth that she killed Gabriel . Which story is true ? Our investigators are trying to get to the bottom of that right now . " New leads and developments in the case were coming in by the minute , he said . The FBI found Johnson 's car in San Antonio and have examined it for any clues that could lead them to the boy , but his whereabouts remain unknown . Anyone with more information is asked to call the Tempe Police Department at 480-350-8311 or the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children at 1-800-THE-LOST .	NEW : Would-be parents tell HLN they volunteered for polygraph tests Gabriel Johnson , 8 months old , has n't been seen since December 26 Child 's mother was arrested in Miami and is in police custody but wo n't say where he is Police believe they Arizona couple know more than they 're saying
CNN  -- One of the most memorable moments in the Democratic presidential primaries came last year when a debate moderator asked Joe Biden about his reputation for talking too much . Sen. Joe Biden credits his mother with teaching him to stand up for the little guy . The moderator asked Biden , who was described by the Los Angeles Times as a "  gaffe machine , " if he could reassure voters that he would have enough verbal discipline needed for the world stage . "  Yes , " Biden replied with a grin and a twinkle in his eyes . The moderator , NBC anchorman Brian Williams , waited for Biden to elaborate , but a still-grinning Biden said nothing more . Nervous titters spread through the crowd until the audience erupted in laughter . The Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama may be known for his eloquence . But Biden , his vice presidential running mate , can handle himself behind the podium as well . He is known for his ability to throw a verbal punch . Biden , often called the "  scrappy kid from Scranton , " Pennsylvania , once described as "  bulls ** t " and "  malarkey " President Bush 's alleged implication that Obama wanted to appease terrorists by talking to nations that Washington considers terrorist states . He delivered this savage putdown of former Republican presidential candidate Rudy Giuliani : "  There 's only three things he mentions in a sentence : a noun , a verb and 9/11 . " See Biden campaign photos " Yet Biden 's frankness can end up hurting him more than his intended target . During the Democratic presidential primaries , he was widely criticized for describing Obama as "  the first mainstream African-American who is articulate and bright and clean . " More recently , Biden attracted attention for telling a crowd that Sen. Hillary Clinton "  might have been a better pick " as Obama 's running mate . Biden has weathered plenty of public bruises during his 36 years as a politician . But his private battles have been even more dramatic . See timeline of Biden 's life " Jeffrey Rosen , writing for The New Republic magazine , said Biden 's willingness to mix it up comes from his working-class upbringing in Scranton during the 1950s . Biden 's father managed a car dealership and lectured his son at the dinner table about the horrors of the Holocaust . His dad once quit his job when he saw his boss throw silver dollars on the floor and watched his employees scramble for them , Rosen said . Biden 's mother taught her son to stand up for the little guy as well , Rosen said , before highlighting a passage from Biden 's autobiography , "  Promises to Keep : On Life and Politics . " "  The one thing my mother could not stand was meanness , " Biden writes . "  She once shipped my brother off with instructions to bloody the nose of a kid who was picking on smaller kids . Religious figures and authority figures got no exemption . They abuse their power , you bloody their nose . " Biden took that pugnacious attitude into the political arena . After earning a law degree from Syracuse University , he won a Senate seat at age 29 representing Delaware in 1972 -- in a surprise victory . He eventually became the chairman of the powerful Judiciary and Foreign Relations committees , establishing himself as an authority on national security issues and the Supreme Court . In the 1980s , Biden led the Judiciary Committee through the explosive hearing for controversial conservative Judge Robert Bork . In 2005 , one of Biden 's distinctive moments on that committee came when he questioned Supreme Court chief justice nominee John Roberts during the confirmation hearings . Roberts , who would eventually sail through the hearings , had told committee members that he was not an ideologue but more like a judicial umpire who called balls and strikes . "  As much as I respect your metaphor , it 's not very apt , because you get to determine the strike zone , " Biden told Roberts . Biden first ran for president in 1988 but dropped out after charges of plagiarism in a stump speech . He also ran for the Oval Office this year but dropped out after a poor showing in the Iowa caucuses . He 's serving his sixth congressional term , making him Delaware 's longest-serving senator . Biden 's private battles , though , have shaped him more profoundly than his political skirmishes . He overcame a stuttering problem as a child . In 1988 , he had surgery for a brain aneurysm . A Roman Catholic , Biden carries a rosary and kept one under his pillow during brain surgery , according to People magazine . Watch Biden 's sister describe how he fought his stuttering " His most wrenching private struggle took place at the beginning of his political career in 1972 . His first wife and infant daughter were killed in a car wreck . In an interview with CNN 's Abbie Boudreau , Biden said he even considered quitting politics after the loss of his wife and daughter . Boudreau asked Biden to read a passage from his autobiography to explain how he moved on to marry his current spouse , Jill . Watch Biden 's emotional reading from his book " The passage recounts a moment when he asked his current wife , Jill , how she could marry him when she knew he had adored his first wife . "  She did n't hesitate , " Biden said , reading from his book . "  That 's the reason I can marry you . Anybody that can love that deeply once can do it again . " Biden swallowed hard , cleared his throat and looked down after he read that passage . Then he looked up again , his eyes welling with tears . He told Boudreau that his wife "  gave me permission to be me again . " "  I know that sounds corny , " Biden said . "  But she really did . ... She brought me back . " Biden looked down again and said nothing more . For once , he was at a loss for words .	Los Angeles Times called Sen. Joe Biden a "  gaffe machine " Biden 's willingness to mix it up comes from his working-class upbringing Biden described Bush charge about talking to "  terrorists " as "  bulls ** t " Biden took on conservative Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork , and won
CNN  -- Climate protesters demonstrating against Donald Trump 's plans for a sports resort broke into a Scottish airport Tuesday , setting up a small golf course and scaling the roof of a terminal building . Climate protesters broke into Aberdeen Airport in the early hours of Tuesday to demonstrate against plans for expansion . Flights at Aberdeen airport were returning to normal by midday after the activists breached the security fence overnight , the airport authority said . Nine members of Plane Stupid , which campaigns against airport expansion and aviation-related climate change , entered the airport grounds at about 2:15 a.m. Tuesday  9:15 p.m. Monday ET  , the group said . A spokesman for the airport called the protest "  dangerous and highly irresponsible . " By mid-morning , the seven members on the ground had been arrested , but the two protesters remained on the roof , group spokesman Leo Mullay told CNN . He explained that the group is against plans to expand the one-runway airport for the American millionaire 's planned golf resort in the region . "  It 's going to cause a huge increase in emissions , " Mullay said . "  There 's simply no capacity within our carbon budget for more flying . " Trump 's plans call for a golf resort to be built on 1,400 acres along Scotland 's northeast coast , just north of Aberdeen , according to the resort 's Web site . Trump International Golf Links , Scotland , is to feature two championship-caliber golf courses and a five-star luxury hotel . Trump 's resort is in the planning stages , project director Neil Hobday told CNN . But he rejected the idea that the airport is expanding because of the Trump resort . "  The runway issue has been going on long before we got here , " Hobday told CNN . It 's "  nothing to do with us . They were going to lengthen the runway whether we were here or not . " The protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport , a major gateway for Scotland and one of Europe 's busiest heliports , airport officials said . Outbound flights resumed just after 9 a.m.  4 a.m. ET  , but there remained some delays and cancellations , according to the airport 's Web site . "  Despite the runway being open and available for use , the earlier protest is likely to cause some knock-on disruption during the course of the day and passengers are being asked to check the status of their flight , " an airport statement said .	Protest caused a backlog of flights at the airport , a major gateway for Scotland Donald Trump plans a golf resort on a 1,400-acre site alongside Scotland 's NE coast Activists claim that the airport in nearby Aberdeen will have to expand as a result Trump project director : Runway issue was ongoing long before we got here
CNN  -- Dear Young American Women , It 's possible that you have been told a time or 10 that you do n't appreciate how tough your elders had it . It 's true that , if you had been coming of age back in , say , 1960 , you would probably be feeling more restricted , if only because you were doomed to spend your days in a skirt , nylon stockings and girdle .  Everybody wore a girdle back then , even Barbie , the individual least in need of a foundation garment in American history . Back then , if you wanted a career that involved travel , you 'd have to have become a flight attendant . Although good luck with that -- there were 100 applicants for every opening . People paid to go to special schools to learn how to improve their chances of being chosen for that very job that involved appallingly low pay and allowed you to be fired if you gained weight or got married . Fifty years ago , women could n't get a credit card or apartment lease unless their father or husband co-signed . And it was perfectly legal for an employer to say that he did n't hire women .  Madeleine Kunin , the future governor of Vermont , applied for an editing job at my own beloved New York Times and was asked if she 'd like to consider waitressing in the corporate dining room . You may be thinking right now that this actually does n't sound so bad , that it would be more fun to take to the streets protesting job discrimination than worrying about living in the streets because there are n't any jobs around at all . Point well taken . You 've got your own problems and truly , you are not required to bow down to the generation that gave you equal opportunity to play high school sports .  Now even Sarah Palin loves Title 9 . But when it first became law , men were sure it would mean the end of football and everything they held dear . Rep. Pat Schroeder of Colorado was touring a local high school shortly after it passed , and the boys ' basketball coach said "  Show the congresswoman what you think of Title 9 . " The team turned around and mooned her . There are plenty of challenges that still remain and you know about them better than me . If you 're planning on knocking them dead in business or one of the professions , you may discover , to your shock , that there 's still discrimination out there . If you 're thinking about a military career , there 's never been a better time for a woman , but the problem of sexual harassment in the field is disturbingly real . No matter what you 're doing , you 're probably going to wind up worrying about how to balance work and family . Violence against women has n't gone away ; it actually seems to be getting worse . And if you 're prepared to worry about things on an international sphere , the oppression of women in other parts of the world is a cancer that has to be cured if the planet is going to evolve in the right direction . What with all that , it looks like there 's plenty on your plate . And if you do n't feel like dwelling on the non-problems , if you automatically assume that a woman has as much right to have a terrific career and exciting adventures as any guy , that 's great . For the entire history of recorded civilization , people had ideas about women 's limitations , and their proper  domestic  place in the world . That all changed in my lifetime -- came crumbling down . The fact that I got to see it , in the tiny sliver of history I inhabit , just knocks me out . You taking it for granted knocks me out . But if you do want to take a look back now and then , and contemplate how America evolved into a country where women could finally claim their rights , you might enjoy the ride even more . It 's a great story , and it was all leading up to you .	Journalist Gail Collins remembers big changes and current problems for women Women could n't get credit card or lease unless their father or husband co-signed Rep. Pat Schroeder was mooned by boys sport team after Title 9 passed When future Gov. Madeleine Kunin sought editing job , it was suggested she waitress
CNN  -- When Serbia and Croatia take to the field at Zagreb 's Maksimir Stadium on Friday , memories of a bloody , war-torn history between the neighboring countries will be brought sharply into focus . The 2014 World Cup qualifying tie will be the first time the two teams have played each other since the break up of the former Yugoslavia and then the Croatian War of Independence , which raged between 1991 and 1995 . The break up of Yugoslavia in the early 1990s caused the bloodiest conflict on the European continent since World War II , with an estimated 140,000 people killed . As the wounds of war continue to heal , Croatia coach Igor Stimac has urged fans not to use the game as an attempt to settle old scores . "  I implore the Croatian fans to back us with their love for the national team and not hatred for our opponents , " Stimac , who picked up 53 caps for Croatia between 1990 and 2002 , told reporters ahead of the match . "  All those who turn up should support us in the most dignified manner and if they do , they will put the much-needed wind in our sails to get the result we want in this historic match . "  This is a great chance to show everyone , including FIFA and UEFA , what we are really like . Both teams have the capacity to keep this event a football match and show the world that they are great football nations . " Cursed war A Croatia victory on Friday would effectively end Serbia 's World Cup qualification hopes . Croatia currently sit second in the group , level on 10 points with leaders Belgium , while Serbia are on four points and would be nine points behind Stimac 's side should they lose the much-anticipated game . Like Stimac , Serbia coach Sinisa Mihajlovic wants his players to inspire passionate support from their fans . And like Stimac , Mihajlovic is keen to move away from the past . "  This game is n't a continuation of the war , " the former Yugoslavia player told Italy 's La Gazzetta dello Sport earlier this week . "  We 've already witnessed the real , cursed and horrid war and we 're still carrying the wounds and the scars . "  This is just a passionate , important football match that stirs up a lot of emotion in people : an important game for our position in the group table and for the continued development of my players . "  If we win , we 'll cut the gap to three points and we 're still in the running for qualification . " Both Mihajlovic and Stimac played when Croatia and Yugoslavia were drawn together in the qualifying tournament for Euro 2000 . The first match in Belgrade in August 1999 was drawn 0-0 , while the return fixture in Zagreb later the same year was crucial to both their hopes of reaching the championships in Holland and Belgium . "  The stadium in Zagreb was like a volcano , " recalls Mihajlovic , who played in the match , while Stimac missed out . "  There were police everywhere . "  There were lots of former teammates who had played alongside each other for Yugoslavia now facing each other . Now no longer on the same side . "  There was a banner there ` Vukovar 1991 ' , the city that was so symbolic of the war , " added Mihajlovic , referring to the Croatian city that was heavily damaged during a siege in the conflict . Vukovar was the birthplace of Mihajlovic , who was the son of a Croatian mother and Serbian father . These days about one third of Vukovar 's population is made up of Serbs , though the two ethnic groups remain segregated . "  All the Serbs will be watching at home ; we 've had bad experiences in the past when we 've tried to watch Serbia games and Croats have come and thrown stones at the cafes we 're in , " Djordje Macut , president of the town 's Council of Serbian Minorities , told the Independent newspaper . "  Every time I went up to take a free-kick or a corner , tension was high , " continued Mihajlovic , as he recalled more memories from that Zagreb game in 1990 . "  I hit the woodwork twice , once the post , another time the crossbar . "  And I also played a part in the goals from  Pedrag  Mijatovic and  Dejan  Stankovic : 2-2 , we qualified , Croatia were knocked out . " Bloody history Mihajlovic and his team is likely to encounter a similarly vociferous atmosphere at the Maksimir Stadium on Friday . No away supporters will attend either of the World Cup qualifying matches between the two teams . The Maksimir Stadium has its own bloody history . It was the scene of an infamous encounter between Croatian club Dinamo Zagreb and Serbian team Red Star Belgrade in 1990 which saw a riot break out and a number people stabbed and wounded . Friday 's game will serve as a barometer for the mood of fans , with those who remember the conflict and those too young to have witnessed the fighting being brought together . "  I 've been to Zagreb and Belgrade and both cities , both countries , view this as something much bigger than football , " James Montague , author of When Friday Comes : Football , War and Revolution in the Middle East , told CNN . "  In the past the game has really been the canary in the mine in terms of the political dynamics on the ground . "  It is a little different now . The older generations , of course , remember the horrors and this is an extension of that in some respects . "  But younger people are different . Few of the players , especially in Serbia , have much experience of life before 1990 . For them this is a game . "  It is the people around it that have long memories and remember what was a particularly vicious civil war . Every year the hatred gets a little less . " Both Stimac and Mihajlovic called for calm ahead of the contest and will be expected to set a dignified tone on Friday , but the two coaches did not always see eye-to-eye during their playing careers . "  Stimac and Mihajlovic have a long dislike of each other , stemming from the 1991 Yugoslav Cup Final between Hajduk Split and Red Star Belgrade , " explained Montague . "  It took place just as war was breaking out . They both got sent off bad mouthing each other . They have both said ridiculously nationalistic things in the past . "  But the two have buried a 20-year feud by meeting and agreeing to lead by a positive example . It 's up to everyone there on Friday night to follow suit . "	Croatia to play Serbia in 2014 World Cup qualifier on Friday The match will be the first between the two teams since war ended in 1995 Croatia are currently on 10 points , six points ahead of Serbia The coaches of the two teams have called for calm ahead of the match
CNN  -- The King is dead -- or so they say , even though his original crypt is empty . And one person could soon own the place that served as Elvis Presley 's first , but not final , resting place , by being the highest bidder . Starting the middle of next month , Julien 's Auctions of Beverly Hills , California , will conduct the sale of the crypt , which is part of a large granite and marble mausoleum at Forest Hill Cemetery in Memphis , Tennessee . This is no fleeting prize : The winner or their loved one can be interred for all of eternity exactly where Presley and his mother were for about two months . Unless conspiracy theorists are to be believed -- in which case a 77-year-old Presley may be still snacking on peanut butter , banana and bacon sandwiches on some secluded isle -- the late legendary singer is currently buried in the meditation garden at Graceland , his Memphis estate . Presley purchased that home and its 14 acres in 1957 , a few years after his career had taken off . In his career , he sold more than a billion records , starred in 33 films , captured 14 Grammy nominations and earned the moniker "  The King of Rock 'n' Roll , " not to mention the adoration of hundreds of thousands of rabid fans , according to his official biography . It was in a bathroom of his Graceland mansion that Presley was found dead August 16 , 1977 , due to what authorities said was an irregular heartbeat . But after 200 friends and relatives attended his funeral there two days later , he had to leave -- his body was moved about five miles south to Forest Hill Cemetery . His father , Vernon , wanted to bury Elvis at Graceland , but needed time for the state of Tennessee to grant permission to bury a person on private grounds , according to the Julien 's Auctions website . Until then , the late singer was put in the crypt at the Memphis cemetery , soon joined by his mother -- Vernon 's widow , Gladys Presley -- who also was disinterred and put in the same mausoleum vault . The bodies of both son and mother were moved within two months to Graceland , where visitors pay their respects to them to this day . As to Elvis 's original crypt , it has remained empty since the King left the mausoleum , marked by a statue commemorating his weeks there . The lot up for auction includes Presley 's original crypt , the chance to open and close the vault and crypt for burial , an inscription and the use of a small , abutting chapel for a committal service , Julien 's Auctions notes . Those wishing to purchase this eternal piece of music history ca n't come empty-handed : Bids start at $ 100,000 .	Elvis Presley was found dead in his Graceland mansion in August 1977 He was first interred at a crypt in a Memphis cemetery , with his late mother Two months later , both were disinterred and buried on Graceland 's grounds His original crypt at Forest Hill Cemetery is now being auctioned off
CNN  Nigeria 's military says its forces have retaken the northeastern town of Gwoza , which Boko Haram militants last year declared the headquarters of their "  caliphate . " The announcement comes on the eve of the West African country 's general elections . "  Just this morning , the gallant troops of the Nigerian military in a concerted and well-coordinated land and air operations have liberated Gwoza , the headquarters of their so-called caliphate , " Major General Chris Olukolade said in a Defense Ministry statement Friday . Olukolade said the troops had routed Boko Haram fighters in towns and villages leading to Gwoza . "  Several of the terrorists have died and many of them captured in the process . A lot of arms and ammunition have been recovered and the administrative headquarters completely destroyed . A massive cordon and search has commenced to locate any of the fleeing terrorists or hostages in their custody , " Olukolade said . Boko Haram declared its own "  caliphate " after seizing the area around Gwoza , in Borno state , in August 2014 , according to the Chatham House think tank . The militant group has purportedly pledged allegiance to ISIS and says its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria , which is split between the majority Muslim north and the mostly Christian south . Nigeria 's general elections take place Saturday . The polls had been scheduled for February 14 , but on February 7 , Nigeria 's election commission announced they would be postponed for six weeks due to security concerns , with the military needing more time to secure areas controlled by Boko Haram . The controversial decision was unpopular among many Nigerians and led to widespread protests . Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , who is running for reelection , has been criticized for not doing enough to combat Boko Haram . On Friday , Jonathan referenced the Gwoza victory in a broadcast to the nation , praising Nigeria 's armed forces for their "  immense sacrifices " in defending the nation . "  We are also glad that our gallant armed forces have successfully stemmed the seizure of Nigerian territories in the northeast by the terrorist group , Boko Haram , " Jonathan said . "  They have recaptured most of the communities and territories formerly occupied by the insurgents , making it possible for thousands of internally displaced Nigerians to begin returning to their homes and communities . " Jonathan said security agencies were fully prepared to deal decisively with "  any group or persons who attempt to disrupt the peaceful conduct of the elections . " "  Those who may harbor any intentions of testing our will by unleashing violence during the elections in order to advance their political ambitions should think again as all necessary measures have been put in place to ensure that any persons who breach the peace or cause public disorder during or after the elections are speedily apprehended and summarily dealt with according to our laws , " the President said . On Thursday , Jonathan and Maj. Gen. Muhammad Buhari , the other leading presidential candidate , issued a pledge reaffirming their commitment to "  free , fair and credible elections " following their signing of a nonviolence pledge -- the Abuja Accord -- in January . The International Criminal Court also issued a warning that anyone inciting or engaging in electoral violence "  at a time when abhorrent levels of violence already plague parts of the country " is subject to prosecution , "  either by Nigerian Courts or by the ICC . " "  No one should doubt my Office 's resolve to prosecute individuals responsible for the commission of ICC crimes , whenever necessary , " ICC Chief Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said in the statement . Boko Haram attacks have killed at least 1,000 civilians so far this year , according to a Human Rights Watch  HRW  statement released Thursday . Citing interviews with witnesses , it said the militants rounded up 300 Gwoza residents when it overran the town , then took them to a camp in the Sambisa Forest . "  After five months during which other residents remained trapped on the hills , hiding in caves and weakened by hunger , Boko Haram attacked the civilians there , killing many and forcing others to escape over the border into Cameroon , " the rights group said . "  Each week that passes we learn of more brutal Boko Haram abuses against civilians , " said HRW researcher Mausi Segun , adding that Nigeria "  needs to make protecting civilians a priority in military operations against Boko Haram . " The rights group said Nigerian security forces had "  failed to take all feasible precautions to protect the civilian population " when fighting Boko Haram but noted that , according to the government , military police were investigating those claims . Amnesty International said in September that reports of alleged abuses by Nigerian security forces had increased since the government stepped up its fight against Boko Haram . The rights group alleged systemic use of torture by the police , based on hundreds of witness testimonies and other evidence gathered over a 10-year span . A spokesman for the Nigeria Police Force disputed the claims , saying torture and abuse were not "  repeat , not an official policy of the Nigeria Police " and that the Amnesty report contained "  some blatant falsehoods . " Earlier this month , ISIS purportedly said it welcomed Boko Haram after the latter pledged allegiance to it . In an audio message purportedly from an ISIS spokesman , the group announced that it had accepted a pledge of allegiance from Boko Haram . ISIS supporters posted the audio online . CNN can not independently authenticate the 28-minute message . The message said that ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State , had expanded to West Africa and congratulated "  our jihadi brothers " there . It followed the posting online of an unauthenticated audio message purportedly from Boko Haram 's leader , Abubakar Shekau , on March 9 in which the speaker announced that the terror group wanted to join ISIS . Since 2009 , Boko Haram , whose name translates as "  Western education is sin , " has waged a campaign of terror aimed at instituting a stricter version of Sharia law in Nigeria . Boko Haram 's tactics have intensified in recent years , from battling Nigerian government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages , mass kidnappings , assassinations , market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques . Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria . But neighboring countries , such as Cameroon and Chad , have also been hit increasingly hard and have committed troops to fight the militants . An African Union-mandated Multinational Joint Task Force has also been formed , involving troops from Cameroon , Chad , Niger and Benin as well as Nigeria . On Friday , the UK Foreign Office announced Britain would provide 5 million pounds  $ 7.4 million  to help the task force tackle Boko Haram . Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond expressed hope that the United Nations Security Council would adopt a resolution , currently being negotiated , to endorse the task force . Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report from Atlanta and Susannah Cullinane wrote from London . Christian Purefoy contributed from Lagos .	Nigeria 's military says it has retaken the northeastern town of Gwoza from Boko Haram The announcement comes on the eve of the West African nation 's general elections Boko Haram declared Gwoza the headquarters of its "  caliphate " last August
CNN  -- The Hispania Racing Formula One team have confimed that Italian Vitantonio Liuzzi will drive for them in 2011 , meaning all the race seats have now been filled for the forthcoming season . Luizzi -- who drove for Force India from 2008 to 2010 before being released with a year still left on his contract -- will partner Narain Karthikeyan in Hispania 's second season in F1 . Prior to that , the 29-year-old raced for Toro Rosso in 2006 and 2007 , and has twice finished sixth -- in the 2007 Chinese Grand Prix and 2010 Korean Grand Prix . After testing for the team in Barcelona in February , Liuzzi will again be at the helm of in March 's Barcelona tests and will make his debut for the team at the Australian Grand Prix later this month . Hispania principal Colin Kolles told the official team website : "  I have known Tonio for many years as he raced with me in lower categories . He is a very professional driver who will bring a lot of benefits to the team . "  I am convinced about his skills to develop a car and his speed . He has shown this in the past having contributed to developing and moving a back grid car to the front . "  I had the pleasure of working with him and I am very happy and proud to have him racing with Hispania Racing , " he continued . Liuzzi himself added : "  I am really happy to have signed this agreement with Hispania Racing . I never lost hope to be in Formula One as I know I have the experience and the right attributes for a young and ambitious team . "  I face a new challenge now and this excites me . I also face a lot of hard work in guiding Hispania Racing through the development of our new car . " Meanwhile , world champion Sebastian Vettel set the fastest time on the second day of pre-season testing in Barcelona . The 23-year-old Red Bull driver clocked a time of one minute 21.865 seconds to outpace Sebastien Buemi 's Toro Rosso . It was the second successive day that Red Bull had set the fastest time after Australian Mark Webber went quickest on Tuesday .	Italian Vitantonio Liuzzi will drive for Hispania Racing in the 2011 season Luizzi drove for Force India in 2010 before being released with a year left on his contract Liuzzi will partner Narain Karthikeyan in Hispania 's second season in F1 The 29-year-old has also driven for Toro Rosso during his Formula One career
Beijing  CNN  -- Divining what is going in China 's opaque political world is like reading tea leaves : it may be interesting but it 's ultimately a futile exercise . The 18th Congress of the 82-million-member Chinese Communist Party , expected to happen in mid-October , will be a landmark event -- it will usher in a new generation of leaders to rule China for the next 10 years . Yet , little is known about what to expect . Some changes are imminent . Hu Jintao , the incumbent president and party general secretary , will step down and be replaced by Xi Jinping , the current vice president . Many members of the 25-member Politburo and the 371-member Central Committee are also expected to be replaced . These are the two policy-making bodies in the party 's pyramid organization . Who will compose the post-Hu leadership ? Speculation is rife . Who are the next generation of Chinese leaders ? As the congress approaches , political maneuvering has increased among various camps , and there have been a few surprises already . Last week , Ling Jihua , head of the party 's General Office , which runs the Leninist organization 's day-to-day affairs and oversees security of the top leaders , was abruptly "  reassigned " to the important but less powerful United Front department . Analysts say Ling , 55 , may still be chosen for the Politburo , but he is out of the running for the all-important Standing Committee -- the very highest decision-making body made up of a handful of key leaders . Bo Xilai and the politics of Chinese succession "  This is evidently a loss for Hu Jintao , " said Bonnie Glaser , senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies  CSIS  , a think tank based in Washington D.C. "  Ling Jihua was a Hu protégé . Who knows if it was related to the car crash ? " In the early morning on March 18 , Ling 's son , Ling Gu , 23 , was said to have smashed a black Ferrari into a concrete-wall on the side of Beijing 's Fourth Ring Road while driving at high speed . Disgraced Party chief looms large over China 's leadership Much was made of the incident in the media internationally , but much of this was rumor and speculation that CNN can not substantiate . Reports and discussions about it have been censored from the local media and Internet . Ling Gu may have survived the car crash but it seems to have damaged his father 's political career and dented the party 's reputation . "  It casts a negative light on corruption among party members and makes the public question the legitimacy of the officials ' source of wealth , " said Joseph Cheng , a professor at the City University of Hong Kong . "  It has tarnished the image of the leadership . " Did the car scandal benefit Xi at the expense of the outgoing Hu ? Other analysts actually credit President Hu for the move on Ling . "  The leadership is establishing a rule : your son misbehaves , you pay , " said Francesco Sisci , a long-time observer of Chinese politics . "  This move must have been approved by Hu and therefore it does not necessarily weaken him . " Ling has been replaced by Li Zhanshu , 62 , a provincial party chief who is known to be an ally of Hu and has previous ties with the vice president . Li , analysts say , may have been a compromise choice . According to Cheng , Xi has been smart to avoid clashes with the current leaders . "  What Xi needs to do now is to keep a clean slate and a low profile and figure out how to consolidate his power , " he explained . "  Everybody knows he is the presumptive new leader , so he only needs to be patient . " Xi also needs to stay above the factional fights . China 's leaders are widely seen as divided into two camps : that of retired president Jiang Zemin and that of President Hu . Former president and party chief , Jiang , retains residual influence even in retirement . The 86 year old has a network of allies in the party -- sometimes known as the "  Shanghai faction " after the former president 's time as Party leader in the city -- which he uses to influence policy and personnel decisions . Last summer Jiang was rumored to have died , but he has since made a rare public appearance looking frail but fairly healthy . Some China-watchers believe Jiang 's influence has waned , but others say he remains a player . "  He is still influential , " said Glaser . "  His Shanghai faction remains quite important and his people are in key positions . " Others say Hu 's camp , known as the Communist Youth League  CYL  faction , referring to the youth organization that Hu headed for years , will dominate the new leadership . "  The lineup of the Standing Committee and the full Politburo will show that the CYL remains the largest faction , " said Willy Lam , a China expert at the Chinese University of Hong Kong . "  The CYL is especially strong among the next tier of leaders , born in the 1960s , who will take over power in 2022 . " Lam said Hu is now in a good position to anoint one of his protégé , Hu Chunhua , as Xi 's presumptive successor in 2022 by getting him selected into the next Politburo . The younger Hu , 49 , is a provincial party chief who also headed the CYL . The official line is that the transition is now firmly locked in place , but it would not be China , or the Communist Party , if it were as straight-forward and predictable as that . "  My guess is that appointments can be changed up until the very last minute , " Sisci said . "  It was so ten years ago , it will even more so today . " Qixin Wang contributed to this report .	18th Congress of the 82-million-member Chinese Communist Party chooses new leadership President Hu Jintao will step down and likely be replaced by Vice President Xi Jinping Political maneuvering has increased among various camps as congress nears Two camps dominate : that of retired president Jiang Zemin and that of President Hu
CNN  -- Three workers were killed in an explosion and fire near an oil well in eastern Wyoming on Monday morning . Samson Resources Company , a Tulsa , Oklahoma-based oil and gas company , confirmed the accident in Converse County , which occurred shortly after 10 a.m. No other details of the accident were available . Local emergency teams responded to bring the fire under control . All three workers were contract personnel , the company said in a statement . It has several oil wells in Wyoming . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the family and friends of those who died in this accident , " said Phil Schmucker , senior vice president of operations for Samson . "  Samson will work closely with federal , state and local officials to assist with the investigation of this tragic incident and will work with the combined team to provide updates on the situation as the investigation continues . "	Samson Resources owns several wells in the state Details of the Converse County accident not available All three workers were contract personnel , the company says
CNN  -- Fantasia Barrino left the Charlotte , North Carolina , hospital Wednesday where she was admitted Monday after overdosing on "  aspirin and a sleep aid , " her manager said . "  She has been lifted up by the outpouring of love and support from her fans , " Brian Dickens said in a written statement Wednesday evening . Barrino 's overdose came the same day she read a court complaint from a woman who alleged that the singer carried on a year-long affair with her husband , Dickens said . Audio of the 911 call made Monday evening from Barrino 's home was released by police Wednesday . "  An individual took a bottle of aspirin , and she 's slowly losing consciousness , " the caller said . A police report released Tuesday identified the caller as Dickens . The incident capped off a day for Barrino that included a barrage of media reports about a child custody case filed last week . Paula Cook charged that Barrino and her husband , Antwaun Cook , became romantically involved last August . "  Fantasia is heartbroken and is sorry for any pain she may have caused , " Dickens said in a written statement Tuesday . "  Yesterday , she was totally overwhelmed by the lawsuit and the media attention . " The statement acknowledged the affair , saying "  Fantasia fell in love with Mr. Cook and believed that he loved her . " The former "  American Idol " winner 's affair was based on lies he told her , Dickens said . "  Fantasia believed Mr. Cook when he told her he was not happy in his marriage and his heart was not in it , " Dickens said . "  She believed him when he told her he and Mrs. Cook separated in the late summer of 2009 . She believed Mr. Cook when he told her he lived elsewhere . " Cook even took her to a residence where he claimed he lived apart from his wife , Dickens said . Photos of Barrino and Cook were published online in recent months , prompting questions about their relationship . "  Fantasia gave inconsistent interviews about the status of her relationship with Mr. Cook because sometimes they were on and sometimes they were off , " Dickens said . "  When they were on , they spent most of their time together when she was not traveling with work . " She read Paula Cook 's child custody complaint for the first time Monday , Dickens said . "  She knows some of the allegations in Mrs. Cook 's complaint are totally false , " he said . "  There are others she strongly doubts . There is plenty she does not know . " The petition , which said the couple separated in June , described a phone conversation in July in which Barrino allegedly told the wife : "  He do n't want you . ... Maybe the next time that you get a husband , you 'll know how to keep him . ... That 's why he is here with me . " While Barrino is not directly involved in the current legal case , North Carolina is one of only a few states that allow a spouse to sue a third party who interferes with a marriage for alienation of affection . Barrino 's raw talent as a songstress , combined with her hard-luck story as a teenage mother , won her many fans , starting with her winning "  American Idol 's " third season . Her six-year-long entertainment career has been pockmarked with adversity , including being sued by her own father and well-publicized financial troubles . The High Point , North Carolina , native 's newest album , which has received favorable reviews , will be released on August 24 , while the second season of her reality show debuts next month .	Manager Brian Dickens : Fantasia Barrino was "  lifted up " by fans ' love 911 caller : She was "  slowly losing consciousness " The singer acknowledged an affair with a married man Fantasia said she thought her boyfriend had left his wife
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Dozens of schoolgirls and teachers were sickened Wednesday by poison gas in Afghanistan , medical and government officials said . The latest incident , this one at a high school , is the ninth such case involving the poisoning of schoolgirls , said Asif Nang , spokesman for the nation 's education ministry . Dr. Kabir Amiri said 59 students and 14 teachers were brought to the hospital , and were faring better . "  We do n't have good equipment to verify the kind of gas that they were poisoned with , but we have taken their blood tests to send to Turkmenistan for verifying the type of gas " that was used , Amiri said . Many Afghan girls were not allowed to attend school during the Taliban 's rule from 1996 to 2001 . Girls ' schools began reopening after the Islamist regime was toppled . The United Nations children 's agency , UNICEF , estimates that 2 million Afghan girls attend school these days . But female educational facilities , students and teachers have come under vicious attack as the insurgency has strengthened and spread from Taliban strongholds in the southern provinces of Kandahar and Helmand . A report compiled last year by the humanitarian agency CARE documented 670 education-related attacks in 2008 , including murder and arson . Much of the violence in what CARE called an "  alarming trend " occurred at girls ' schools . CNN 's Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	Under Taliban rule , girls were banned from schools The latest poisoning incident is part of a trend , a ministry spokesman says The girls are recovering at a hospital , a doctor says
CNN  In Portugal and in particular for supporters of Benfica football club , the name of Eusebio da Silva Ferreira is synonymous with greatness . Even though my generation never actually saw him play , we were able to access plenty of archive footage in which he showcased his skill on the pitch . But the real insight came from generations before me , like my parents or grandparents . Through them , I was able to learn about the man and athlete known to the world as "  A Pantera Negra "  The Black Panther  . Those stories still resonate till this day almost like fairy tales . The young kid who ended up traveling almost 5,000 miles to pursue his passion for soccer and ended up with a lot more than he bargained for . The teen striker moved to Portugal at the age of 18 , after a former Brazilian footballer working at the time as a scout , told Benfica 's manager Béla Guttmann about his promising talents . Since joining the team in 1960 up until 1975 , Eusebio won 11 league titles , one European Cup , five Portuguese cups , among several other team and individual records . People would say he was the best player to ever grace Portugal with his talent . That the way he exploded on the pitch with his fast pace combined with the power of his right foot was a joy to watch . Adding his phenomenal stats with 733 goals , including 41 for country , it then became obvious we were talking about one of the greats . It did n't take me long to understand what people meant every time they spoke about him . A few YouTube clips could easily testify to this and go as far as to reveal that such attributes would still make him a star , even in today 's game . His success on the pitch , however , took on massive proportions , as it was not a mere sporting achievement . It was proof that Portugal was able to produce great talent and conquer new and different horizons . It gave people hope , happiness and some comfort , which was all much needed at the time . During the period when Eusebio burst onto the scene , Portugal was going through a rough stage under the decades-long dictatorship of Antonio Salazar . Only what was known as the "  three F 's : " Fado , Football and Fatima  the Virgin Mary  would cheer the masses . So the level of success that Portugal enjoyed under the leadership of Eusebio was crucial as a distraction that kept the population together . It is therefore no surprise that many people from all over the country admired Eusebio , regardless of the club they supported . As years went by and my passion for the game of soccer grew stronger , the "  King 's "  his other nickname  life and career became even more appealing to me . I ca n't deny that a big part of it has to do with my allegiance to Benfica , the club for which the Mozambique-born Portuguese footballer played 15 out of his 22 years as a professional athlete . It was obvious that this love affair would continue after his career ended . After retiring , he was offered a role as an ambassador , which he played until his last breath . Equally , he also acted worldwide as a spokesperson for the game . The part seemed fitting for a man of his skills . More than just making use of his legendary status , as a man he was known for being a humble , kind and tremendously charismatic , making him very popular across the country as well as beyond our own borders . It is then no surprise that , on January 5th , the world reacted with shock to the news of his passing at the age of 71 . Soon after , I was called by CNN to travel to Lisbon in order to cover the story . I remember having mixed feelings at the time . On one hand I was saddened by the news , but on the other hand I felt incredibly privileged to have the opportunity to cover the story by attending his funeral from a journalistic standpoint . This had a very special meaning , as it allowed me to also pay my respects as a long-time admirer . I was able to witness how his death brought the country closer together . It was beautiful to see the amount of people that followed the coffin or showed up at the church . The crowds assembling close to his statue at the Stadium of Light , statue which by the way was covered from head to toe with flowers and scarves from various Portuguese clubs , as a sign of admiration . You could say that on that day , even the biggest soccer fanatic was colour-blind . There was no Benfica , Sporting or Porto -- there was only a unified country ! At a time when Portugal is facing a long , hard financial depression -- which has not only affected our country 's economy , but also our spirits -- it was remarkable to see that , even if just for a few days , fans -- including longtime rivals -- were paying homage to a man they 've learned to respect and admire for his talent and flair , but also for his personality . His name is still very much present in the culture of not only the club , but the country . Being such a timeless character , I can only wait for the time where I tell my kids the same stories I was told growing up . It is an ongoing way of celebrating his life . Read more : People we lost : Benjamin Bradlee and Lorin Maazel , by Christiane Amanpour Read more : People we lost : Phil Everly , by Jonathan Hawkins Read more : People we lost : Joe Cocker , by Neil Curry Read more : People we lost : Christophe de Margerie , by John Defterios Read more : Loved ones we lost in 2014	CNN associate producer remembers the passing of his countryman Portuguese footballer hailed as one of the all-time greats died in January aged 71 Striker scored 733 goals during career and won 11 Portuguese league titles Eusebio 's name still very much present in the culture of not only his club , but the country
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- Greece 's main center-right party has failed to form a coalition government Monday , adding yet more uncertainty to the debt-ridden country 's political situation . New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras said he did "  everything possible " to form a coalition , but that none of the parties agreed to join with his party , which won first crack at forming a government after finishing first in Sunday 's parliamentary elections . It will now be up to the leftist Syriza coalition , which opposes unpopular austerity measures imposed to secure a European bailout , to form a government . That group will have three days to form a government . Syriza leader Alexis Tsipras left little doubt Sunday about what direction his party would take in a new government . "  European leadership and especially  German Chancellor Angela  Merkel have to understand that austerity policies have suffered defeat , " Tsipras said Sunday . He called the election results "  a message of a peaceful revolution . " Sunday 's election results were widely seen as a message to politicians to back away from the harsh economic austerity measures imposed in Greece . A European Commission spokeswoman said Monday that Greece needs time to work through its political process but reminded the country 's leaders that they would be expected to abide by terms of a bailout program meant to avoid a crippling financial meltdown . "  The commission hopes and expects that the future government of Greece will respect the engagements that Greece has entered into , " spokeswoman Pia Ahrenkilde Hansen told reporters . The center-right New Democracy party finished first in Sunday 's voting , but with just 19 % of the vote , giving it 108 seats in Greece 's 300-seat parliament . Voters also delivered a rebuke to PASOK -- New Democracy 's socialist partner in the outgoing coalition government -- stripping the party of 119 seats . Together , the parties fell short of the 50 % necessary to continue the coalition , requiring formation of a new government . "  I asked for a strong mandate , but people chose differently . I respect their message , " Samaras said Sunday on state television . "  Today 's result expresses people 's disappointment toward the implemented dead-end economic policy that tested their limits and did n't include the necessary development policy . " PASOK leader Evangelos Venizelos said after meeting with Samaras that his party would be willing to participate , but only in a coalition with a friendly view toward Europe led by a prime minister willing to renegotiate terms of the bailout deal with the European Commission . Last year , Greece 's debt threatened to force it to drop Europe 's common currency , the euro , prompting the European Central Bank and other lenders to swoop in with emergency funding . In exchange , they demanded that the government slash spending . The resulting measures have led to tax increases and cuts in jobs , wages , pensions and benefits -- and significant public outcry . The national unemployment rate for January , the latest month for which figures are available , was nearly 22 % , prompting widespread protests and leading some young people to leave the country in search of work . Furthermore , for the past two years , the country 's massive amount of debt has threatened the stability of the 17-country eurozone . Greece pushed through a huge debt swap in March to save it from disorderly default and clear the way for it to receive a second bailout from the European Union , the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund , worth â ‚ ¬ 130 billion  $ 171.5 billion  . The debt restructuring deal gave some breathing space to the eurozone bloc , where fears that Greece might collapse had increased pressure on other debt-laden nations such as Spain and Italy . The Greek stock market was down about 6 % Monday as concerns that Sunday 's election could prompt Greek leaders to reconsider the deal resonated throughout Europe . Hansen , the European Commission spokeswoman , said Greece needs time to form a government and said the commission stands ready to continue its assistance . But she said it would need to be within the framework of the second bailout . Politicians have until May 17 to come up with a new working alliance or , if they can not , set a date for another round of elections . Before New Democracy 's failure to form a coalition , Samaras said his party 's two priorities would be to remain in the eurozone and alter existing policies , including stringent austerity measures , to "  achieve development and offer people relief . " "  I understand people 's rage , but I will not let the country  exist  without a government , " Samaras said . PASOK 's Venizelos said he favors the formation of a unity government that is "  EU-oriented , regardless of what their take is " on previously implemented measures . His party will have 41 seats in parliament , down from 160 before the elections . The tribulations of New Democracy and PASOK were matched by triumphs of a number of other parties that were also-rans and in some cases nonexistent just a few years ago , propelled by voters angry about stringent austerity measures . Elections in Europe : Socialist wins French presidency The radical leftist coalition Syriza passed PASOK with a strong second-place showing . Exit polls predicted it would garner 10 % support , but instead Syriza garnered 16.7 % , according to the results . That more than triples its parliamentary representation to 51 seats . The fourth-place finisher , the Independent Greek party , was founded in February by ousted New Democracy member of parliament Panos Kammenos . With 10.6 % backing , this right-wing nationalist party , which opposes Greece 's agreement with the European Union and International Monetary Fund , will now have 33 seats in parliament . The Communist Party , which wants Greece to leave the single-currency eurozone , also saw gains in winning 8.5 % support . And the far-right Golden Dawn party , which got 0.3 % of votes in the previous election , ended up with 7 % support on Sunday . That equates to a rise from zero to 21 parliamentary seats . Its leader , Nikos Michaloliakos , gave a rousing speech after Sunday 's vote , saying Golden Dawn will "  fight so that Greece wo n't be a slave of the memorandum and of the social jungle that illegal immigrants have brought in this country . " "  Everyone who betrays Hellenism should be afraid . We are coming , " he said . Katerina Sokou , financial editor of the Greek daily newspaper Kathimerini , called what happened Sunday "  a protest vote  against  the main two political parties of Greece . " Yet Sokou added that she expects New Democracy and PASOK again will be part of the ruling coalition government , even though there may be notable policy changes and challenges to come , including a "  renegotiation " of the already approved austerity measures . "  I believe that these electoral results ... show that people need a coalition government , " she said . "  They also want the parties to cooperate . " CNN 's Antonia Mortensen and Matthew Chance contributed to this report .	NEW : New Democracy party fails to form coalition , hands baton to leftist Syriza coalition Syriza had refused to join a unity government after elections Sunday Voters delivered a strong rebuke to parties that supported harsh austerity measures Greece should stand by the bailout terms , a European Commission spokeswoman says
CNN  -- A 14-year-old Pakistani girl who had faced life in prison for allegedly burning the Quran will have her case heard in juvenile court , the girl 's lawyer told CNN . A local court ordered the transfer on Monday , Tahir Naveed Choudhry said . Pakistani police told CNN their investigation concluded Rimsha Masih is innocent and was framed by an imam . "  There was no legal evidence against Rimsha , " officer Munir Jafri told CNN . These developments could mark an end to the Christian teen 's nightmare since she was accused of blasphemy in August . "  This is a precursor to the case ending , and that is quite unprecedented in the 25-year history of Pakistan 's blasphemy laws , " said Ali Dayan Hasan , the Pakistan director of Human Rights Watch . Accused teen : ` I 'm scared ' Police have submitted the findings to the court . Pakistan courts usually go with what police recommend . There is a lot of evidence implicating imam Khalid Jadoon Chishti for framing the teenager and for himself tearing pages out of the holy book , Jafri told CNN . This is significant , said Human Rights Watch 's Hasan , because "  never before has a false accuser been held accountable . " The teen 's case sparked international outcry against the Pakistani government , some saying the blasphemy laws are used to settle scores and persecute religious minorities . Blasphemy laws have been a part of life in Pakistan for 25 years , first instituted primarily to keep peace between religions , Hasan said . But a military leader in Pakistan in the middle 1980s tightened the laws , introducing amendments that "  essentially made blasphemy a capital offense , " Hasan said . "  They were vaguely worded ... and became an instrument of coercion and persecution , " he said . "  The laws were disproportionately used against the weakest and most vulnerable in society -- religious minorities , women , children and the poor . " There have been 1,400 blasphemy cases since 1986 , according to Hasan . There are more than 15 cases of people on death row for blasphemy in Pakistan , and 52 have been killed while facing trial for the charge , Hasan said . Rimsha was arrested on August 16 . She and her family spoke to CNN in early September from an undisclosed location , in hiding after Rimsha was released on bail -- a move that appeared to be in reaction to the global condemnation of her jailing . The teen said she was happy to be with her family , but feared for her life . "  I 'm scared , " she said by phone . "  I 'm afraid of anyone who might kill us . " The teen spoke in short sentences , answering "  yes " or "  no " in a shy and nervous voice . In Pakistan , people accused of blasphemy are often attacked and sometimes killed by vigilantes . During CNN 's interview with her , Rimsha said , "  No , no , " when asked if she burned pages of the Quran . She would n't answer questions about what happened on August 16 . Pakistani investigators said Rimsha 's neighbor accused her of burning pages of the Quran to use as cooking fuel . The neighbor began to shout in protest , drawing a crowd that grew angry . Some neighbors said the teenager was beaten . Others said she ran back home and locked herself inside . When police arrived , they arrested her . Rimsha 's lawyers said the neighbor wanted to settle a personal score with the girl because the two did n't get along . They said it 's likely that he liked the teen and she did n't feel the same . While the latest turn in her case this week appears largely positive , her ordeal is far from over . The next hearing in Rimsha 's case is set for October 1 in juvenile court . Most victims of Pakistan 's blasphemy laws belong to minority Muslim sects like the Ahamadis , who many of Pakistan 's majority Sunnis perceive as nonbelievers , according to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan and Human Rights Watch . Rimsha 's father , Mizrak Masih , is a Christian . He paints houses for a few dollars a day . He was adamant that no one in his family would dishonor the Quran . "  We respect the Quran just like we respect the Bible , " he said . "  We could n't imagine committing blasphemy , let alone doing it . Our children would never do this either . " A family representative said that aid groups in the United States , Italy and Canada have offered to the teen and her family a home outside Pakistan . But no matter how her case pans out , it 's unclear what kind of life she might be able to have . She told CNN in September that she wanted to stay in her home country . People will believe what they want to believe , no matter what the courts or police say , Hasan said . "  She is certainly in grave danger , " he said . "  It 's the accusation that endangers your life , and can endure . " CNN 's Rezah Sayeh contributed to this report .	Case of Pakistani teen facing life for blasphemy charge will go to juvenile court Rimsha Masih was jailed in August after she was accused of burning pages of the Quran Police now say an imam framed teen and she is innocent Human Rights Watch : This could be a major turning point in the case with larger implications
CNN  -- "  Release the models ! " The stage manager 's voice fills the backstage area , busy with hairstylists and makeup artists wielding the tools of their trade over a row of girls in front of brightly lit mirrors . "  It 's time for a quick run-through . " It takes an extra moment for Petra Vujevic to break free from her chair , where she is surrounded by three stylists trying to tame her long blonde hair into a "  punky ballerina " bun . The head stylist is teasing sections of her natural hair while another tends to neon pink extensions woven into her ponytail . A third handles clips and brushes . Vujevic winces . It has n't been a good hair day for the 20-year-old Croatian model . It 's the second time today that her head has been pulled in a million directions , loaded down with gooey products and hairspray . But she refrains from pouting because it 's part of the job . Anyway , modeling is n't her life -- not yet , at least . It 's just something she decided to try by taking a year off from university in Croatia , where she 's studying computer science . She started exactly one year ago , making the rounds in Milan , Paris , London and Spain before arriving in New York three weeks ago for Fashion Week . A "  Man Repeller 's " influence on display at New York Fashion Week "  When you 're tall and thin , everyone says you should be a model , so I thought : try it for a year , " Vujevic said in accented English , which she learned in school and from television . "  It 's been good . I decided to model because it was completely different . How would I know if I did n't try ? " She hit the ground running in New York , averaging 15 castings a day and scoring not only a few shows during New York Fashion Week but jobs for catalogs and ads campaigns while in town . She plans on returning to her parents ' home outside the Croatian capital of Zagreb to resume school in October . Vujevic may not be the typical small-town girl trying to make it in the big city , but her story underscores the bigger picture in the post-supermodel era , when girls are cycled in and out with each season and only a rare few stick around to become bold-face names . But her agency has high hopes for her . Lots of girls are tall , thin and beautiful , but Vujevic has an "  X presence , " said Louise Roberts of APM Models , which represents Vujevic in the United States . "  Our clients look for that classically beautiful girl that has a different edge to her , something that no one can define , " Roberts said . "  We loved the spirit in Petra 's photographs , the connection she had with the camera . In her eyes , you just saw there was a sparkle there . When you look at her , you have a sense that this girl can be successful . " But Vujevic is simply living in the moment . And right now , it 's time for a quick practice walk on the runway . The stage manager yells again for the girls , and Vujevic joins the line of models near the backstage runway entrance . With their hair and makeup in various states of readiness , they look like a disheveled flock of flamingos stepping to the beat of singer/designer Avril Lavigne , who is nowhere in sight even though the show bears the Canadian rocker 's name and her brand 's imprint , Abbey Dawn . The collection , a swirling motif of skulls , rainbows , pleather and studs , is n't exactly Vujevic 's speed , but she 's still excited to take part in this kind of production . It 's completely different from Rachel Antonoff 's garden party-themed presentation Sunday , in which Vujevic 's prop was a badminton racket , or the Christine Alcalay presentation earlier that day , which was staged in a 1,000-square-foot studio in an office building . For that job , she wakes at 7 a.m. Monday , showers and puts on just a bit of mascara and concealer . She takes a cab to the Garment District , arriving at the 11th floor whitewashed studio about two hours before showtime . It 's not a runway show but a "  presentation , " in which the models will be dressed and positioned on the showroom like living mannequins . For now , the corner studio with lots of natural light pouring through the windows is a backstage area for hair and makeup . Eventually , it will transition into a showroom with music from a live violinist , creating an atmosphere reminiscent of an art gallery . Vujevic takes a seat , and a makeup artist gets to work on her face while a nail technician applies heated "  nail shields " that behave like stickers . As she moves on to hair , the benches and makeup tables are removed , and risers are brought in to begin setting up the showroom . Twenty minutes later , her hair is done , and the tables are pushed back to a wall . A curtain goes up , creating an impromptu changing area for the designer to dress the girls . She emerges in a set of light blue shorts , blazer and shell . "  It 's not really my style , very businesswoman , " she says . "  Maybe in 10 years . " Once the models are clothed , a set designer arranges them on the floor while stylists dart around with spray cans and makeup brushes , putting on the final touches . Then , it 's time for the girls to stand in place for an hour as fashion editors and store buyers survey the collection . When a camera focuses on Vujevic , she narrows her eyes ever so slightly . About a half-hour in , she leaves the floor for the curtained changing area and returns in a tan calf-length skirt and lace cut-out halter top . She stands some more , occasionally shifting her weight to keep the circulation flowing . As the clock hits noon , some of the girls relax their rigid poses and wait for the cue to leave . Vujevic thought she would have a stretch of time for lunch -- modeling makes her hungry , she says -- but as she 's leaving the studio , her agency sends an e-mail letting her know that she has a fitting for Gerlan Jeans , so she heads downtown . On the ride over , she talks about this being her first time in the United States . She has noticed that fast food is really cheap , healthy food is expensive and everything seems to be labeled "  organic . " She wishes she had more time to eat in restaurants and try new things but since she arrived in New York , she 's only had two days off to explore . In the studio on Bowery , she tries on two looks for the designer 's "  Gerl Power " presentation , which is part Minnie Mouse , part activist , designer Gerlan Marcel says . Vujevic 's childlike features and height make her ideal for the show 's cartoon-y look , Gerlan says . As she tries on two of the designer 's neoprene looks , a bright yellow dress and a blue coat , Gerlan squeals in delight . "  When I was a little girl my favorite doll was named Petra and I carried her around with me everywhere , " the designer explains as Vujevic struts down the narrow path in between racks of clothing and accessories littering the floor . "  Petra has come to life ! " Gerlan and her team agree that the yellow dress is too short for the 5 '11 model and settle on the blue coat . Vujevic bids them farewell and runs downstairs to head over to the Metropolitan Pavilion for Lavigne 's show . The contrast from the morning 's gig could n't be more severe . The intimate austerity of the open studio has been replaced with a massive showroom of folding chairs surrounded by booths for Monster Energy drink and thinkThin energy bars , with a bright white runway in the middle . Getting her hair to cooperate and putting on her face leaves about 10 minutes to breathe before the show . On the way to the bathroom , she picks up a salted caramel chocolate from the Stoli Vodka booth . Lavigne eventually shows up about 30 minutes before showtime to thank the girls and pose for pictures . As they line up , she walks around adjusting their bows and belts and other small details . The show is over in 10 minutes , and Vujevic is already 30 minutes late for her next job in SoHo . She fills a plastic cup with vegetables before hustling outside to grab a cab to the Soho Grand Hotel for a presentation by menswear designer and self-described "  urban emperor " Dominic Louis . Again , the setting could n't be more different . She walks up a flight of stairs to the hotel bar , which has been transformed into backstage hair and makeup area . The constant loop of "  Sk8er Boi " and "  Girlfriend " has been replaced by Siouxsie and the Banshees and Coldplay playing softly in the background . A woman is ironing pants where the waiter station would normally be ; models rest their hands on the marble-topped bar to get their nails done . She takes a seat on a plush stool of dark wood while two stylists set to work blowing out her hair to remove product . She picks at a plate of cheese in her lap while they pull her hair into a tight ponytail at the crown of her head and fashion it into a bun . The tip of her hair is pulled into an avant garde cowlick . A makeup artist hands her a cloth to remove her makeup while she waits for a seat at the bar . Eventually , her face is transformed into a pale , white-lined canvas best summed up as extraterrestrial . There 's no private changing area here , so she quickly strips and changes into a black top and pants with its calves cut out . She 's paraded out with the rest of the models to a corridor and placed on a riser against a column . She stands there for an hour while an art house film plays and attendees in leather black shorts and vests take her picture . Eventually , she moves to the stage in front of the film screen with other models who are growing impatient . Finally , one of the models starts clapping , and the audience follows . The models seize the opportunity to step down and leave the corridor . It 's 11 p.m. now , and Vujevic is tired . Modeling is exciting but exhausting , she says . Will she return to modeling after she finishes school ? "  It 's possible , " she says . "  But maybe not for New York Fashion Week . "	Petra Vujevic took a year off from pursing her computer science degree to try modeling A typical day for a Fashion Model lasts 12 hours , with no breaks for food Agencies grapple with trying to create a big name in post-supermodel era
CNN  -- This may turn into much more than just a political scandal . It may have seemed like a teenage prank at the time , but the blockage of bridge traffic as a possible act of partisan political revenge has put New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie in the middle of a serious legal stew . And the fire underneath it is just beginning to heat up for the Republican presidential hopeful , as the state assembly plans to post online 907 pages of documents related to the case Friday . State lawmakers questioned one of Christie 's allies Thursday , a former state official implicated in the scandal . So far , David Wildstein has repeatedly refused to answer , invoking his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . The legislators charged him with contempt for his lack of cooperation . But the dam could eventually break as lawmakers dig in their heels , analysts say . As long as Christie was telling the truth at a marathon news conference he held Thursday -- that is , if he really did n't know anything about any wrongdoing -- he should be able to step out of the caldron , analysts who spoke with CNN say . For nearly two hours , the high-profile governor , who gained national recognition for his response to Superstorm Sandy , answered questions from journalists , divulging many details . "  He was pretty specific about what he knew and when he knew it , " said CNN analyst Gloria Borger on "  The Lead with Jake Tapper . " But if any of it does n't jibe with other people 's stories , information provided in documents or clues that pop up , experts say Christie could get dragged into civil and criminal lawsuits . One thing is certain . The legislative inquiry into the alleged misdeeds that led to the traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge is just getting into gear . What happened to begin with ? It was September , and Christie was full steam into his re-election bid -- which he won two months later . Wildstein , whom Christie appointed to a high position at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey , ordered the closing of two of the three lanes of traffic leading to the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee . It held up motorists trying to make it into Manhattan and caused days of massive traffic jams in Fort Lee , where Democratic Mayor Mark Sokolich had not endorsed Christie for re-election . Democrats speculated that the mayhem was political retaliation against Sokolich . Hearings ensued , and Wildstein resigned under pressure . Then came Wednesday 's revelation that a top Christie aide , Bridget Anne Kelly had e-mailed Wildstein before the closures , telling him , "  Time for some traffic problems in Fort Lee . " "  Got it , " Wildstein replied . He e-mailed a comment that the parents of children stuck in school buses in the traffic jams were Democratic voters . Christie fired Kelly after the scandal broke . Possible prank , sure , but something to sue over ? This was no fun and games for people who sat tormented for hours in traffic and missed important appointments , legal analyst Alan Dershowitz told CNN 's Brooke Baldwin . It did real damage . "  It was utter chaos those days . People were pouring into the store , complaining , " Debbie Minuto recalled Thursday in her shop , Binghamton Bagel Cafe , in the town of Fort Lee . "  The bridge is a lifeline here . You take away the bridge , you take away our livelihood . " That makes it a legal matter , Dershowitz said . "  The law looks backwards and says : What causes these harms ? " he said . One group of residents from Bergen County , where Fort Lee is located , has already filed a class-action civil lawsuit against Christie . They want to be compensated for alleged wages lost when they arrived late at work . Was a crime committed ? A woman died at the time of the mayhem , and emergency workers trying to get to her to save her complained that the traffic jams slowed them down . Sokolich thinks there should be a criminal investigation into the incident , saying it put "  folks in absolute danger . " His Democratic colleague , New Jersey state Sen. Ray Lesniak , agrees but takes it a step further . He called for federal prosecutors to open an investigation into whether the lane closures were a factor in the woman 's death . "  Endangering people 's lives -- that 's not politics . That 's why the U.S. attorneys have to get involved , " he said . U.S. Attorney 's Office spokeswoman Rebekah Carmichael said it 's "  reviewing " whether federal laws were violated . But Florence Genova 's family does n't seem to want to press charges . She was 91 when she went into cardiac arrest , and her daughter Vilma Oleri told CNN affiliate WABC that she did n't think the traffic was to blame . "  I really do n't think so , no , I really do n't . I think she was 91 and really believe in my heart that she was already gone when the ambulance got  to her house  , " she said . But Genova was not alone . No other deaths were reported . But paramedics red-flagged "  unnecessary delays for emergency services " to the mayor on the second day of the lane closures . The traffic increased their reaction time in at least four cases . Legal analyst Dershowitz thinks a crime may have indeed been committed and prosecutors could land convictions against Wildstein , Kelly and anyone else implicated , "  particularly if they can demonstrate if the woman died as a result of the traffic jam . " Christie says he did n't know anything about this . How could this get him ? If Christie 's close associates are prosecuted or convicted , it could lead them to turn on Christie , Dershowitz said . Thursday 's news conference was the longest and most candid in Christie 's career , Matt Katz , a New Jersey public radio reporter , told Jake Tapper . "  This is absolutely extraordinary , " he said . Christie offered a lot of information to back up his claim that he knew nothing . At the same time , he may have given Wildstein and Kelly a lot to contradict , should they open up to lawmakers questioning them . "  They may very well want to save themselves and say , ` Wait a minute ; do n't believe what the governor said , ' " Dershowitz told Baldwin . Wildstein may have pleaded the Fifth initially , but that 's normal in the beginning , CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . Defense lawyers often start by telling their clients to take the Fifth . "  You do n't want your client testifying until he has seen all the documents available . " But things could change . If lawmakers decide to go after Christie , they could offer Wildstein -- or Kelly , if they question her -- immunity . They could decide to save themselves at his expense , Toobin said . Anyone Christie fired may also try to get revenge . And if Christie really did n't know about alleged misdeeds , he could still be in hot water , Dershowitz said . "  There 's a concept in law called willful blindness , " he said . It 's enough to just suggest to people working for him to commit illegal actions on his behalf or to create an atmosphere that promotes such actions . Dershowitz said that it would be enough for the governor to say : "  Do n't tell me ; I do n't want to know ; just do what you have to do to take revenge . I do n't want to know the details . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	New Jersey state assembly releasing 907 pages of lane closure scandal documents Christie 's Republican political allies may have created traffic mayhem to spite a Democrat A group of citizens has filed a class-action lawsuit against Christie Analyst : There may have been a crime , as a woman died amid the chaos
Baltimore  CNN  -- Acknowledging it is out of the ordinary for city mayors to take a stand on military policy , the U.S. Conference of Mayors passed a resolution Monday calling for an early end to the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq . "  This is not a war resolution , " said the newly elected president of the group , Democratic Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa . "  What we wanted to make clear , " he told reporters afterward , is that "  the best way to support and honor those troops is to give them a job when they come back home . " The outgoing president of the Conference of Mayors , Republican Elizabeth Kautz of Burnsville , Minnesota , said the resolution is simply "  calling on Congress to redirect military spending to domestic priorities . " But dissenting mayors said the resolution might send the wrong message , and one called for it to be withdrawn before the group could vote . Blitzer 's Blog : Getting out of Afghanistan Peter Lewis , the nonpartisan mayor of Auburn , Washington , told his colleagues that "  making political statements in this forum about the war , I do not believe is proper . " The Conference of Mayors last addressed American military policy when it called for an end to the U.S. war in Vietnam , and some mayors expressed concern that the current resolution could be taken badly by the troops now deployed . "  Let 's not go and make the mistakes another generation did , " Lewis said . "  So I urge that this resolution be defeated . " Other mayors pushed ahead , saying there are economic problems in the United States with a more pressing priority than the massive spending on the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq . "  This one does not call for an immediate withdrawal , " said the Democratic mayor of Madison , Wisconsin , Paul Soglin , "  but it calls for speeding up the effort to end this war . " "  We are at a point where municipalities are faced with cuts in services that affect all of our citizens , especially those that are in need the most , " he said . Mayors then proposed and approved amendments changing the wording to express support for U.S. troops and acknowledging what was called the need for a strategic , stable pullout of American forces . With those changes , the mayors then approved their resolution with a call to "  bring these U.S. war dollars home . " As read by the parliamentarian , this is the amended resolution passed by the U.S. Conference of Mayors : Calling on Congress to redirect military spending to domestic priorities -- Whereas , every member of the United States Conference of Mayors and the Americans they represent support our brave men and women and their families ; and -- Whereas , the drawdown of troops should be done in a measured way that does not destabilize the region and that can accelerate the transfer of responsibility to regional authorities ; and -- Whereas , the severity of the ongoing economic crisis has created budget shortfalls at all levels of government and requires us to re-examine our national spending priorities ; and -- Whereas , the people of the United States are collectively paying approximately $ 126 billion per year to wage war in Iraq and Afghanistan ; and -- Whereas , 6,024 members of the U.S. armed forces have died in these wars ; and at least 120,000 civilians have been killed in Iraq and Afghanistan since the coalition attacks began . -- Now , therefore , be it resolved , that the U.S. Conference of Mayors supports efforts to speed up the ending of these wars ; and -- Be it further resolved , that the U.S. Conference of Mayors calls on the president and the U.S. Congress to end these wars as soon as strategically possible and to bring these war dollars home to meet vital human needs , promote job creation , rebuild our infrastructure , aid municipal and state governments , and develop a new economy based upon renewable , sustainable energy .	Mayors take stand on war policy for the first time since Vietnam They say urgent domestic economic needs should take priority Dissent among mayors forced amendments before the statement was approved
Washington  CNN  The massacre of some of France 's top cartoonists has turned a American nightmare -- that Western jihadists could return from war on terror battlefields to wreak carnage at home -- into reality . One of the two brothers suspected in the slaughter at the offices of a satirical magazine on Wednesday recently spent time in Yemen getting weapons training with one of the most dangerous Al-Qaeda affiliates in the world , US officials briefed on the matter told CNN 's Barbara Starr . And a French source close to the French security services says there is also evidence that one of the brothers , Said and Cherif Kouachi , has traveled to the the killing fields of Syria . The chilling revelations open up a potentially dangerous new phase of the struggle against global terrorism because thousands of European fighters are estimated to be fighting with ISIS and other extremist groups -- a rich pool of radicals who could overwhelm Western intelligence agencies should they come home with orders to sow terrorist panic at home . Top officials in Washington have another deeply held fear . Since many Western jihadists have European Union passports , they enjoy visa-free access to the United States , opening the possibility that someone -- not known to U.S. and allied intelligence services and who is not on American no-fly lists like the Kouachi brothers -- could get into the United States . "  That 's what multiplies our problem , " Republican Rep Ed Royce told CNN on Thursday . "  Them returning to Europe is a direct threat to them eventually , potentially coming here . " The paramilitary-style assault on the satirical French publication Charlie Hebdo killed 12 people also underscored a shift away from spectacular , large-scale attacks waged by foreign terror groups like the strike on Sept. 11 , 2001 . Instead , homegrown radicals inspired by or affiliated with jihadist organizations are launching more limited strikes that still achieve the core aim of terrorism : death , widespread fear and panic . The shift makes the task of preventing further terrorist attacks even more daunting for Western leaders . They must sift through countless clues of potential small-scale , lone-wolf attacks while also blunting the possibility of another massive strike that could kill thousands in a single incident . "  It is becoming a more and more complex terrorist threat , " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told CNN 's Dana Bash . These are "  actors who may lurk within our society , that could strike with little notice , commit an act of violence because they have been inspired by things they have seen on the Internet , social media , in literature , without accepting a direct order from ... a terrorist organization . " The plague of homegrown terror by radicals inspired by -- and sometimes affiliated with -- al Qaeda , ISIS and other groups , seems to be spreading across the globe . In October , a convert to Islam and self-appointed jihadist provoked terror in Ottawa -- Canada 's sleepy capital city -- by gunning down a soldier standing guard at a national war memorial . Two days earlier , a Canadian soldier was killed by a Muslim convert using a car as a deadly weapon . Just last month , a single hostage taker , apparently inspired by ISIS , seized a cafe in another unlikely terror hot spot -- Sydney , Australia -- killing two people before he was shot dead by police . And in 2013 , homegrown terror hit London , when two British Muslim converts turned extremists hacked soldier Lee Rigby to death in a brazen daylight attack . Republican Rep. Michael McCaul of Texas , chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee , said the sheer simplicity of the attack in Paris , in which masked gunmen drove up to the Charlie Hebdo offices and started spraying automatic weapons was particularly disturbing . "  That 's what keeps me up at night . The small scale attack that goes undetected , " he said . In this new front on the war on terror , extremists no longer need to infiltrate fighters on daring missions to set off car bombs in European cities or to hijack fuel-laden airplanes to knock down skyscrapers . They can instead call on willing recruits already in the midst of Western societies , inspired by increasingly targeted calls by groups like ISIS and al Qaeda to wage war at home . So far , there are no signs that Wednesday 's attack will lead to a heightened risk of terrorist actions in the United States . But the White House has long voiced fears that because of visa waiver programs with the United States , Europeans enjoy easy entry onto American soil , and radicals armed with nothing more than their maroon European Union passports could , in theory , export their terror . Senior U.S. intelligence and law enforcement officials working closely with French counterparts will be especially keen to find out whether those behind the Paris attacks are veterans of ISIS ' fight in Syria . The fact that thousands of radicalized , trained and battle-hardened killers with the skills and motivation to attack Western targets could be coming home from war is deeply concerning to American counterterrorism officials . "  If these are foreign fighters coming back , it would be our worst fears realized , " said Rep. Adam Schiff , D-California , a member of the House Intelligence Committee . But even if the attackers in Paris are not veterans of jihadism , they still may reflect a troubling evolution in the nature of terrorism , one that is especially hard for national security officials to combat . ISIS , which has carved up large swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq , has sought to inspire attacks on Western soil . It emerged recently in Australia that the group 's leaders had told potential fighters not to travel to Syria , but to stage attacks at home . "  This really is a pattern , " said Mike Rogers , the former chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , who is now a CNN national security analyst . "  It is new in that they were able to pull it off . " Thomas Sanderson , an expert on international terrorism at the Center for Strategic and International Studies , said the risk to the United States from European fighters believed to have returned home after fighting in Syria and elsewhere was significant . Around 150 Americans are believed to have also joined the fight with ISIS . Sanderson also said videos of the assailants on the streets of Paris during the attack suggested they had some level of sophistication , a factor that will also alarm U.S. Homeland Security officials . "  They were not a couple of guys who woke up one day last week " and decided to launch an attack , Sanderson said . "  I am guessing they had battlefield experience . " Adnan Kifayat , a former State Department envoy to Muslim communities , said the Paris attack was particularly serious because it suggested radical Islamic groups were now succeeding in their campaign to use propaganda and social media to radicalize Muslims to stay in their home nations to conduct terrorism . "  Some of the messaging has been focused on ` do what you can to help the cause from where you are , ' " said Kifayat , now with the German Marshall Fund of the United States . "  They are trying to activate people where they stand . That is obviously scary and moving into a newish front . " That kind of motivational rhetoric has shown to be effective in the United States as well . U.S. Army Maj. Nidal Hasan was reportedly inspired by the teachings of and emails from Yemeni-based Islamic cleric Anwar al-Awlaki before going on a shooting rampage at a base in Fort Hood , Texas , in 2009 , killing 13 people . The White House said Wednesday that it is paying attention to the risk posed by foreign fighters and the inspiration radicals could find from jihadist groups abroad . "  As a general matter , we are very mindful of the threat from foreign fighters and the threat and the need to try to counter some of the extremist ideology that ISIL is propagating using some pretty sophisticated social media strategies , " said White House spokesman Josh Earnest . Daniel Benjamin , a former State Department counterterrorism official now at Dartmouth College , said the Paris attack showed an evolution of terrorism in a number of ways . "  There has n't been , to my knowledge , a major jihadist attack involving assault weapons in the West in memory , " Benjamin said , and also noted that it was significant that Wednesday 's assault took place in France , which despite having Europe 's biggest Muslim population , has been largely spared large-scale attacks by radicalized Islamists . Benjamin cautioned that it remained unclear whether the attackers in the Paris incident were linked or inspired by ISIS or another radical terror group like one of the various branches of al Qaeda . But he said it was increasingly likely that ISIS successes in holding onto territory in the Middle East were having an impact in the West . "  We have seen , just in the last few months , whether it is in Sydney or in Ottawa or in other places , that the perceived successes of ISIS in holding territory in Iraq and in Syria have had a galvanizing effect on those with radical tendencies , " he said . "  I fear this is something we are going to have to get used to . "	Paris attack underscores shift away from spectacular , large-scale attacks waged by foreign terror groups Instead , homegrown radicals inspired by or affiliated with jihadist organizations are launching more limited strikes
Washington  CNN  -- A bipartisan group of senators is scrambling to reach a fresh compromise they hope can propel a proposal to overhaul U.S. immigration policy toward passage in that chamber and provide momentum heading into the Republican-controlled House . A deal remained elusive , however , on Tuesday evening and it was uncertain whether the stark differences that have stalled immigration reform for years in Congress could be bridged with time running out on debate . Raising new questions on whether any immigration bill will get through Congress this year , House Speaker John Boehner said earlier in the day that he did not see any way of bringing a bill on that issue to the floor that relied on Democrats to pass . Under enormous pressure from conservatives opposed to the bipartisan Senate bill , Boehner has until now sidestepped questions about how he would move forward . "  I do n't see any way of bringing an immigration bill to the floor that does n't have majority support of Republicans , " he told reporters following a closed-door GOP conference meeting where a source said he made similar comments to reassure members . Efforts to push forward immigration reform are emotionally charged as the issue has huge political stakes for both sides . President Barack Obama and Democrats want to fulfill a promise to Hispanic Americans , the nation 's fastest-growing demographic , to address the limbo of immigrants living illegally in the country and maintain their overall support . Republican strategists are concerned about the GOP 's long term viability in national elections if it does not win over the important voting bloc , which went strongly for Obama in November . The Senate bill negotiated by a bipartisan group of senators dubbed the "  Gang of Eight " proposes a path to citizenship for some 11 million undocumented immigrants in the United States . But conservatives consider any measure offering a path to citizenship tantamount to amnesty for those who entered the country illegally . In addition , concerns about whether the bill will tighten security along the nation 's porous borders , as asserted by backers of the plan , may make it difficult for conservatives to support it -- especially those up for re-election next year . Debate began last week and senators have been sorting through amendments . Sen. Marco Rubio , a key player in the Senate debate , senses that significant progress has been made in trying to bridge the gap . "  I think we 're on the right track , " the Florida Republican said . During a series of afternoon votes , members of the "  Gang of Eight " huddled on the floor and separately with other key senators -- twisting arms , cajoling , convincing . In a rare scene , a large group of Republicans anxiously worked the room seeking compromises . The "  Gang of Eight " and Sen. Bob Corker , a Tennessee Republican , and Sen. John Hoeven , a North Dakota Republican , are attempting to broker a compromise . As of now , it would tighten border security requirements primarily by having Congress dictate exactly how secure the border must be before immigrants in the United States illegally can begin the process of gaining citizenship . By shifting that responsibility to Congress and away from the executive branch , negotiators hope to pick up support from Republican senators who are reluctant to leave that determination to the administration . 5 things to know about immigration reform The emerging deal also would include several other Republican priorities related to entry and exit biometrics , the E-Verify workplace verification program , and rules that would prevent immigrants from getting public benefits . "  Corker and I are trying to get enough of these together so you can get a meaningful bipartisan group on the bill , " explained Hoeven , who said he hoped to introduce the proposal as early as Wednesday . A package of amendments is "  something that creates a momentum around the building that people are seeking , " said Corker . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said time was critical as he threatened to end debate on the bill soon in order to keep a promise to finish the bill by the end of the month . Love or country : Immigration law means hard choices for gay couples 5 things to know about immigration reform A bipartisan group of seven House members -- three Republicans and four Democrats -- is still finalizing its own comprehensive immigration bill that mirrors many of the provisions in the Senate bill , including eventual citizenship for undocumented workers . A CNN/ORC poll released Tuesday shows a small majority of Americans support the approach in the Senate bill . The poll shows that 51 % say they support a bill that would attempt to increase border security and create a pathway to citizenship for many undocumented immigrants , with 45 % saying they are opposed to such a measure . CNN Poll : Big generational divide in immigration battle	NEW : Key senators seek new compromise on immigration with time running short House Speaker John Boehner says he wo n't move bill without majority GOP support Boehner comments put new pressure on Senate to reach deal favorable to conservatives Senate bill would provide path to citizenship , but border security key sticking point
CNN  -- Eleven years ago , Brenda Heist 's marriage fell apart . She was trying to find housing and had been refused financial aid ; she was depressed , in despair , crying on a park bench . And then she vanished . What a heartbreaking , terrifying time for her family , who suspected the worst , even declared her legally dead . When she reappeared to great media fanfare last week in Florida , reaction ranged from confusion to scorn . Eleven years ago , my marriage also ended and I moved down the street , leaving the physical custody of my two sons with my husband . The public outrage directed at Heist has been eerily similar to the hostility and anger I encountered when I wrote a memoir about it . In my case , I stayed , co-parenting with my husband , setting rules and attending basketball games and dance shows and parent teacher conferences , and keeping a close , loving relationship with my children . We do homework together ; we talk about girls , I teach them to cook  and to clean up !  . But I am a part-time parent , a noncustodial mother . For this decision , I have been threatened with death and sexual violence by strangers . I have been called human "  garbage " and "  worse than Hitler . " And I am still the woman everyone refers to when they are talking about mothers who leave . The hostility and abuse that is directed at the "  mother who leaves " clearly does not depend on her actual leaving . We want our mothers to be long-suffering , to put their children 's needs first and their own well-being last if there is time left . We need her to get dinner on the table and the laundry done and the kids to school and the homework finished and the house clean and the cookies for the bake sale made and the school clothes purchased . Our society is hurting , schools are bankrupt , family finances are squeezed , drugs and guns and sex in the media and international terror are all bombarding our children and the person we designate to help kids negotiate all of this is their mother . It 's a big job , too big for one person . Especially when she also has to work , and when she also has a life of her own to care for . But to say that , to act on it , is too much of a threat . I have said it . In my memoir , I took a hard , honest look at my ambivalence about motherhood , at my fears of not being good enough , and the loss of my identity as anything but a mother . My life was changing ; my marriage was crumbling ; I felt like I was being swallowed up . I loved my children deeply but I could no longer be a full-time mom and I had no other models . How could I remain part of their lives joyfully and not as a stifled , resentful failure ? Would we all make it through OK ? Our family evolved . It was not quick and easy , in fact , we groped some and stumbled , but I had the support of their father and my boys are now thriving . When we look at it I realize that our family is not abhorrent or unnatural . It looks very much like many other families that have been through divorce , except Mom is the one who lives down the street . Even so , once my book was published , I wrote about the backlash : the neighbors who crossed the street to avoid me , the friends who could not forgive me , the outbursts from strangers who asked , "  How could you leave your children ? " a most nonsensical question in my mind , since I was standing right there . In the hateful response that followed , I noticed something . Many people very proudly proclaimed that they refused to read what I wrote . The headline of one article -- which I did not write -- was enough for them to form an opinion about what a poor excuse for a human I was . They were not interested in learning that there might be any middle ground between "  good mother " and "  human garbage " or a positive outcome . They would rather claim that I did n't love my children , that I was a narcissist or that I had simply decided parenting was no longer fun . Their attacks on me were designed to shut me up , but shutting up is the worst thing we can do to motherhood . I know because I have heard from hundreds of women who also left . They write "  with tears in my eyes " and "  a pain in my heart " "  thrilled and flabbergasted to find out there is a woman like you ,  like me !  out there . " I have heard from women who were escaping bad relationships , women who had to move for work , women who had been swallowed up in caregiving and enabling . I heard from women who were unfulfilled , unhappy and confused , and others who were paralyzed , frozen , and convinced they were failing their children . They were terrified and guilty about their situation and choices . One woman , who spoke for so many , wrote : "  There is such a horrible stigma to not being a full-time mother , and I tend to shy away from letting the mommies in my online parenting community  which I 've been with since they were infants  know that I 'm choosing not to have the kids live with me . It 's looked at as such a selfish decision , but I chose it because it was truly best for them , even though it does cause me intense pain . "  So again , thank you for speaking up , and giving me reassurance that my kids will not be permanently damaged by not living with me , but that doing the best I can for them and myself will make them more successful in the long run . " Again and again , these women write , "  I love my children with all my heart . " In many cases , they have realized they are not the better parent -- at least not right now . If we listen when they speak , we might notice that most women live in the unacknowledged space between "  stellar mom and wife extraordinaire " and "  human garbage . " Instead of condemning us and trying to bludgeon us into silence , we need to explore a variety of models for motherhood -- and fatherhood -- that can allow for care and love and support for both the mother and the child . Brenda Heist sat , in her despair and isolation , crying on a park bench . She says she "  snapped . " Would she have made a different choice if she knew she was not alone ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rahna Reiko Rizzuto .	When Rahna Reiko Rizzuto divorced , her ex-husband got physical custody of kids She lived down the street , seeing boys often , going to PTA , games , helping with homework But she received death threats and was called "  garbage " and "  worse than Hitler " Rizzuto : Moms leave home for many reasons ; we need new models for moms and dads
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Investigators targeted Lindsay Lohan and her assistant as suspects in a Hollywood burglary , but the district attorney decided Tuesday there was not enough evidence to prosecute them . "  Lindsay is glad this matter has been cleared up so she can focus on her upcoming projects , " her publicist said in a statement sent to CNN soon after the district attorney 's office released a summary of the investigation . "  It is unfortunate that many media outlets were quick to point fingers and jump to conclusions without having all the facts . " Celebrity news website TMZ previously quoted an unidentified law enforcement source saying Lohan and her assistant , Gavin Doyle , were suspects in the burglary . The prosecutor 's report confirmed the actress and Doyle were suspects , along with another man identified as Andrew Payan . The people burglarized are Sam Magid , a wealthy investor who the investigation report said "  had a longstanding relationship " with Lohan , and a woman who was staying in his Hollywood Hills home . Sheen and Lohan to die in ` Scary Movie 5 ' ? Missing from the home and the woman 's car were cash , house keys , sunglasses and a credit card holder , the report released by the Los Angeles County District Attorney said . Lohan had been denied entry into the home at 2:45 a.m. on Saturday , August 18 , according to a security guard , the report said . "  What , is he in there f -- king some other girl !? " the guard quoted the actress as saying . Magid called for police five hours later when he saw a suspicious man , who the report said resembled Doyle , outside the home . He and his female friend declined to prosecute after Lohan was identified as a suspect , the report said . The detective on the case saw Lohan 's car parked at Magid 's home three days later , it said . He stopped the car as she was leaving and found Lohan in a BMW with Doyle , Payan and a juvenile . Doyle acknowledged to the detective that he , Lohan and Payan had been at Magid 's house twice in the early morning of the day the items were reported missing . Doyle said "  he ate some meatballs and drank some vodka , but did not take anything at the residence , " the report said . Doyle "  said one of them did take property " but he "  would not reveal who took the property at the residence , " it said . This was not enough to persuade the district attorney 's office to prosecute the case . "  One of the suspects makes a vague admission that he and the others were there , and that ` someone ' took something but is not more specific than that , " the report said . The victims "  indicated that they are not willing to prosecute anyone for this burglary " and there was not "  sufficient evidence to prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt . " The story becomes another chapter in more than six years of brushes with the law for Lohan , who is attempting a career comeback after stints in rehab , jail and home confinement . She remains on probation for a shoplifting conviction last year . Lindsay Lohan 's exhaustion triggers union inquiry CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	Cash , house keys , sunglasses and a credit card holder were missing , the report says The alleged victim "  had a longstanding relationship " with Lohan , the prosecutor says "  Lindsay is glad this matter has been cleared up , " her publicist says She remains on probation for a shoplifting conviction from last year
CNN  -- Australia 's Prime Minister Tony Abbott on Tuesday refused to apologize over damaging allegations that Australia 's intelligence services spied on Indonesia 's President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono , tapping his personal mobile phone and those of his inner circle . "  Australia should not be expected to apologize for the steps we take to protect our country now , or in the past , any more than other governments should be expected to apologize for the similar steps they have taken , " Abbott said in an address to parliament . "  Importantly , in Australia 's case , we use all our resources including information to help our friends and allies , not to harm them , " Abbott said , adding that Australia should not be expected to detail what it does to protect its country any more than other countries do . "  I want to make it absolutely crystal clear , Australia has deep respect for Indonesia , for its government , and for its people , " he said . "  I regard President Yudhoyono as a good friend of Australia , indeed as one of the very best friends that we have anywhere in the world , that 's why ... I sincerely regret any embarrassment that recent media reports have caused him . " He said that it was in everyone 's interest that "  cool heads prevail " over the spying scandal that has engulfed his new Liberal government . On Monday , the Indonesian government took what it described as "  the serious step " of withdrawing its ambassador from the Australian capital Canberra . Jakarta also summoned Australian ambassador Greg Moriarty to voice its anger at allegations that Australia had been spying directly on the Indonesian president . Earlier on Tuesday , President Yudhoyono released a series of angry Tweets -- translated from Bahasa Indonesia into English and signed "  SBY " to indicate they come straight from the president -- in which he attacked Abbott over a perceived lack of remorse over the revelations . "  I also regret the statement of  the  Australian Prime Minister that belittled this tapping matter in Indonesia without any remorse . * SBY * , " the tweet read . "  These US & Australian actions have certainly damaged the strategic partnership with Indonesia , as fellow democracies . * SBY * , " an earlier tweet read . Indonesia earlier this month expressed outrage over reports that Australia 's Jakarta embassy was used as part of a U.S.-led spying network in Asia . In his series of tweets , Yudhoyono called on the Australian government to "  give us an official answer which can be understood by broader Indonesian society about the tapping . " While the direct attack on Abbott is likely to be a blow for the new Liberal government , which has made much of maintaining good relations with its populous northern neighbor -- a key ally and trading partner -- Abbott has been consistently unrepentant about the revelations . Speaking in parliament on Monday , Abbott had said : "  The Australian government never comments on specific intelligence matters . "  All governments gather information and all governments know that every other government gathers information . "  I will never say or do anything that might damage the strong relationship and the close co-operation that we have with Indonesia , which is all in all our most important relationship . " Indonesia 's objections stem from reports in the Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  and Guardian Australia that said Australian intelligence tracked Yudhoyono 's mobile phone for 15 days in August 2009 , monitoring the calls he made and received . The intelligence agency also tried to listen in on what was said on at least one occasion . But the call was less than a minute long and could not be successfully tapped , ABC reported . The two media outlets cited documents provided by Edward Snowden , the U.S. national security contractor-turned-leaker .	Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott refuses to apologise over spy allegations He tells parliament that information is used by Australia to "  help not harm " its allies Indonesia on Monday withdrew its ambassador to Australia in protest Indonesian President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono fired off a series of angry tweets over the issue
CNN  -- An air-supported roof over the Dallas Cowboys ' practice field collapsed during a heavy thunderstorm Saturday afternoon , leaving 12 people injured , authorities said . An aerial view of the scene shows the Dallas Cowboys logo amid the ruins of the indoor practice facility . About 70 people , including more than two dozen of the team 's rookies , were in the facility when it was blown down shortly before 3:30 p.m.  4:30 p.m. ET  , team officials said . Two or three suffered serious injuries , but none were believed to be in life-threatening condition Saturday night , said Dr. Paul Pepe , Dallas County 's emergency medical services chief . CNN affiliate WFAA reported Cowboys special teams coach Joe DeCamillis , the son-in-law of former NFL head coach Dan Reeves , suffered a broken back . DeCamillis was seen on a stretcher wearing a neck brace . A line of heavy thunderstorms was moving through the Dallas area at the time , he said , but no other damage to buildings was reported , said Mike Adams , a dispatcher for the Irving , Texas , fire department . Watch the roof collapse on players , coaches " Arnold Payne , a photographer for WFAA , was shooting the Cowboys ' practice session when rain began falling "  tremendously hard . " "  I noticed the walls started to waver ... and then I noticed that the lights that were hanging from the ceiling started to sway , and it would n't stop , " Payne told CNN . Shortly after that , he said , "  It was as if someone took a stick pin and hit a balloon . " Watch Payne describe being inside when structure collpased " Payne said Cowboys staff photographers were up in the metal framework beneath the canopy to film the practice session and "  actually rode the building down with the storm . " At least one was in surgery Saturday night , he said . "  There was nowhere for them to go , and it fell so fast -- it just collapsed as if it was being imploded , " Payne said . Video from CNN affiliate WFAA showed the roof caving in during a heavy storm , sending players , coaches and a handful of reporters and photographers scrambling to escape . Cowboys ' owner Jerry Jones told NBC that about 27 rookies from the NFL team and members of the team 's coaching staff were inside the suburban Dallas facility at the time . "  They did not get good warning there , and the structure did collapse , " Jones said , speaking from the Kentucky Derby in Louisville . "  We 're assessing who 's injured at this particular time . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : Witness : Team photographers were up in framework of structure , rode it down Dallas Cowboys ' practice facility collapses during thunderstorm , injuring 12 None of the injuries appears to be life-threatening , says county EMS chief About 70 people were inside the facility when it fell , fire official says
CNN  -- Producer 's note : CNN Ideas has covered everything from mapping the human brain to 4-D printing . We 've even looked at cool robots because , well , they 're cool robots . But when we stumbled on Durex 's Fundawear -- a long-distance , app-controlled underwear stimulator -- we simply had to investigate . The developers in Australia kindly sat down with us on Skype to explain their "  future of foreplay . " Would you use this in your relationship ?	` Fundawear ' contain vibrating sensors that can be controlled wirelessly The underwear comes with a smartphone app for remote-controlled , um , fun
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea says its scientists have concluded their investigation into the failure of the country 's long-range rocket launch last week , but it declined to divulge why the flight ended in a trail of debris strewn across the sea . Experts have "  wound up the specific and scientific probe into the cause " of the rocket 's failure to put a satellite into orbit , the official Korean Central News Agency said in a report late Thursday without elaborating on what the cause was . Pyongyang had insisted that the purpose of the launch was to send an "  earth observation satellite " into space . But the United States , South Korea and Japan called the operation a ballistic missile test in disguise . "  All the scientific and technological data and precious experience gained this time will serve as a very precious boon to space development and a reliable guarantee for greater success in the days ahead , " the KCNA report said , citing an unidentified spokesman for the Korean Committee for Space Technology . The rocket flew for only about a minute and half after its take off on April 13 before it broke into pieces above the Yellow Sea . On Monday , the U.N. Security Council condemned the failed launch , saying it was "  a serious violation " of previous council resolutions and "  has caused grave security concerns in the region . " North Korea said in the state media report Thursday that it had "  never recognized " the U.N. resolution on the matter , describing it as "  a product of sinister intentions of the hostile forces . "	A North Korean rocket broke apart soon after take off last week Pyongyang says experts have concluded their investigation into the failure It does n't give an explanation for why the launch failed The U.N. Security Council says the move was a "  serious violation " of resolutions
CNN  -- If you view a tablet as a guilty pleasure , like I do , then buying the Kindle Fire should make you feel a little less guilty . Amazon 's new device does n't replace a computer for doing e-mail or composing documents , but it 's a fun hub for personal entertainment . And at $ 199 , Amazon has managed to greatly undercut the price of Apple 's iPad , the dominant tablet , and still churn out a good product . Apple calls its iPad "  a magical and revolutionary product at an unbelievable price . " Consider now that for the iPad 's $ 499 price tag , I could buy two Kindle Fire tablets and still have cash left over for downloading apps and movies . However , except for price the Kindle Fire falls short of the iPad in just about every category . The iPad 's processor is faster ; its software is more abundant , capable and polished ; its storage space is larger ; its screen is bigger ; and its body is more slender . Still , the Kindle Fire is a good Wi-Fi tablet , and the price is fantastic . After testing the device this week , I found the Kindle Fire is the most impressive iPad rival among the dozens of tablets that have flooded the market this year . Other iPad competitors have not sold well , but the new Kindle will likely have a different fate . The Nook Tablet , which also came out this week but which I have not tested at length , costs $ 50 more and has weaker multimedia offerings . Amazon and Barnes & Noble are squaring off with a new line of inexpensive black-and-white e-readers , too . Yes , those are still around , and bookworms love them . Size , components and features Many tablets are much faster and have more bells and whistles than the Kindle Fire , which does n't have cameras , GPS or a microphone .  The latter is especially strange because even the year-old black-and-white Kindle has a microphone .  Unlike other tablets and e-readers , there also is no version of the Kindle Fire with cellular-data connectivity , meaning that would-be Web surfers are limited to areas with Wi-Fi . Forgetting for a moment about the guts inside , the Kindle Fire does not feel cheap . The back is rubbery and does n't slip out of my hands . It 's not ultra thin , but it 's girth and weight makes it comfortable to hold for long periods of time , like a paperback book . Because the Kindle is significantly smaller than the iPad -- with a 7-inch-wide screen versus the iPad 's 9.7-inch more boxy display -- it weighs about a third less . The built-in speakers sound OK and get about as loud as an alarm clock . There is also a place to plug in headphones . But the Kindle 's battery loses a charger much faster than the iPad . I was able to surf the Web and play videos for several hours , but I found myself frequently searching for a charger after that . That Amazon skimped on some of the components becomes evident when swiping through menus , switching the screen 's orientation or playing games , which can all be jerky at times . The split-second delays are even present when turning pages on a Kindle e-book , which should be the pride of an Amazon device . The lack of a microphone means no Skype or other Internet telephony programs . Browser and OS Amazon 's Silk Web browser has the features I 'd expect and can play most videos found online . Amazon touts the browser 's unique speed enhancements , but probably due to the device 's lower-end components , it does n't show . Web pages generally take a few seconds longer to load than on computers or other tablets . Also , I am somewhat uncomfortable with the idea that Silk , as a means of speeding up load times , sends information from every page I visit to Amazon 's servers . This Kindle 's operating system is based on Google 's Android , but Amazon has changed it so extensively that I barely noticed the similarities . A setback to this approach is that Amazon did not include some basic features , like the ability to copy and paste text , or to quickly switch between running applications . But overall , the interface is attractive and neatly laid out . On the home screen , the top bar allows me to search for content on the device or search the Web with Google . Below that is a list of categories like news , books , music and apps . In the main area , I have a bookshelf that includes recently opened items or apps organized in a carousel , plus other shelves full of my favorites . Movies and e-books Amazon 's multimedia offerings are pretty extensive and have been available on other platforms for some time . The company runs the biggest e-bookstore and the second-biggest music download store . Many publishers offer their newspapers and magazines in the Kindle newsstand , but the Kindle Fire 's small screen size is not ideal for reading , say , an issue of Bloomberg Businessweek or the New York Times front page . The built-in Amazon shopping app is well designed . Each Kindle Fire comes with a free 30-day subscription to Amazon Prime , whose primary perk  for $ 79 a year  is free two-day shipping on every item the company sells . The Prime membership also gives new Kindle Fire owners a taste of its Instant Videos service , which has 13,000 movies and TV shows available for streaming on demand . Tens of thousands more are available for purchase . For those who prefer Netflix , that company released a new version this week for the Kindle Fire and other Android tablets . But overall , Amazon 's Appstore carries far fewer apps than Apple 's online store and even Google 's own Android Market . Developers are required to list their Android apps separately with Amazon .  Yes , the Kindle Fire does have "  Angry Birds . " A few bugs The bare-bones e-mail client that comes with the Kindle Fire does not support Microsoft Exchange , which many companies use for their e-mail system . The app encourages users to download another e-mail program from the Appstore , but it does n't specify which one to get . Holding the tablet upright and typing with my thumbs is fairly efficient , but the system occasionally does n't register my taps right away if I type fast . I also ran into several bugs throughout the Kindle 's software . Sometimes my Fire would crash for no reason , and other times , images would not show up in the gallery . Some third-party developers apparently did not account for Amazon not including volume buttons on the hardware , and so I had to adjust the volume from the settings menu activated by tapping the menu bar . These are issues that I expect will get fixed over time through software updates . The bottom line The overall software experience is pleasant and integrated from top to bottom . I am never asked to punch in my credit card to buy things , which is convenient . When I first turned on the Kindle Fire , the software recognized who I am because it was already tied to my Amazon account . After a few clicks , I was set up without ever connecting to a computer to synchronize anything . The music I bought through the Amazon MP3 store and the books I 've gotten through the Kindle Store were all ready to go . The iPad remains the superior tablet , and it 's the closest I 've found to replacing a laptop . But I would n't discount a less capable competitor . The Kindle Fire is a good entertainment device at a price that 's truly unbelievable .	Amazon 's Kindle Fire is a multimedia-heavy touchscreen tablet computer It 's significantly cheaper than the iPad , the undisputed leader in the tablet market The Kindle Fire first went on sale this week Reviewer : Kindle Fire is a good entertainment device at a price that 's truly unbelievable
CNN  -- A special prosecutor appointed in a controversial case of an alleged rape in Maryville , Missouri , promised on Monday to review the case "  without fear and without favor . " "  I know that this case has raised a variety of concerns in northwest Missouri , so please know this : This case will be thoroughly reviewed , " Jackson County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker said . "  I can also assure you that politics , connections or any other reason you can think of will not play a role in our review of this case . It will be the evidence , as it is in every case that we review , " she said . A judge appointed Baker as special prosecutor days after a different prosecutor , who dropped charges , said he 'd request the move . The alleged victim , a teenage girl , says a teenage boy raped her when she was 14 . The initial prosecutor , Nodaway County Prosecutor Robert L. Rice , has said he dropped a sexual assault charge against the boy because the girl and her relatives refused to cooperate . "  There was insufficient evidence to prove a criminal charge beyond a reasonable doubt , " he said in a statement . A charge against the boy 's friend who was accused of recording part of the incident on an iPhone was also discontinued . But the case got new life this month after The Kansas City Star featured it and CNN interviewed the alleged victim , Daisy Coleman , and her mother . Why Anonymous wants justice in Missouri rape case After this month 's reports , Rice said last week that he 'd ask a court to appoint a special prosecutor . CNN does not typically identify alleged victims of sexual assault but has done so in this case because Daisy and her mother , Melinda Coleman , have chosen to go public . Both appeared on CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper " on Monday , one day before a planned protest in support of Daisy at the Nodaway County Courthouse . The teenager said she and her mother would probably not be going . "  We were pondering it , but it sounds almost as if it would n't be safe for us to go just because of all the people in Maryville being very angry with the case right now . But we are thinking about it , and we are very thankful for all the people attending , " Daisy said . When asked what she and her daughter are hoping for , Melinda Coleman told Tapper that they just want to be heard and to have the case looked at "  fairly , and with some enthusiasm . " "  We were disappointed that they did n't really do the job . They did n't really collect the evidence , and they did n't seem to care from the beginning . Anything above that would just be extra , " she said . CNN 's Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Without fear and without favor , " says County Prosecutor Jean Peters Baker NEW : She was appointed after a different prosecutor dropped charges in the case The alleged victim says she was raped when she was 14 Her mother tells CNN she and her daughter want to have the case looked at "  fairly "
CNN  -- Libyan militia members have apparently turned the abandoned U.S. Embassy in Tripoli , Libya , into a water park , judging by amateur video posted to YouTube on Sunday . The video , which reflects the anarchy that currently reigns in Libya 's capital , shows fully clothed men diving into and swimming in a pool . Ambassador Deborah Jones , who is not currently in Libya , tweeted that the images appear to show a residential annex in the U.S. Embassy compound . But Jones said "  the U.S. Embassy Tripoli chancery & compound is now being safeguarded and has not been ransacked , " and "  those who have actually visited the embassy know the truth . " A spokesman for the General National Congress says the militias securing the U.S. Embassy compound are still there safeguarding it . "  The militias are under the command of the Libyan General Staff , and what happened was not an attack on the embassy grounds , nor was it an attempt to ransack its offices , " Omar Hmaidan said . "  What happened  the frolicking at the pool  was an isolated behavior by some of those who were in charge of protecting the compound . We do n't condone it and we do n't accept it , " he said . A senior State Department official said the United States is "  seeking additional details " about the incident . "  At this point , we believe the Embassy compound itself remains secure but we continue to monitor the situation on the ground , which remains very fluid , " the official said . Libya Dawn , an alliance of militias , reinstated the General National Congress this month as the country 's official parliament , despite international recognition of the new parliament elected in June . U.S diplomats evacuated Tripoli last month amidst heavy militia violence . CNN correspondent Jomana Karadsheh , who lived in Tripoli but had to evacuate weeks ago as well , says if true , the use of the empty embassy is no surprise . "  The fighting in Tripoli that erupted between militias in July and lasted for weeks was described by Libyan officials as ` unprecedented . ' Many homes in parts of Tripoli have been looted by and ransacked by different militia groups during the fighting , including as recently as last week , the home of Prime Minister Abdullah al-Thinni . " Al-Thinni is not in Tripoli currently . The U.S. State Department had not responded to CNN requests for comment as of this article 's publication . CNN 's Ali Younes , Anna-Maja Rappard and Mark Morgenstein reported on this story from Atlanta .	Video apparently shows Libyan militia members frolicking at U.S. Embassy pool in Tripoli U.S. ambassador says the compound has not been ransacked , despite rumors A Libyan official says the embassy is protected and the hijinks are unacceptable U.S. diplomats evacuated the anarchic Libyan capitol last month
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Oscar-winning actress Angelina Jolie gave an exclusive interview with CNN 's Arwa Damon while visiting Iraq to draw attention to the refugee crisis in the wartorn country . Here is a full transcript of the interview : "  Displacement can lead to ... instability and aggression , " Jolie , right , tells CNN 's Arwan Damon . Damon : First of all thank you obviously for your time . What is your main aim in this visit -- what are you trying to acomplish while you are out here ? Jolie : Well I came to the region about 6 months ago , I first went to Syria because I work with U.N.H.C.R. and there are 1.5 million refugees in Syria alone from Iraq and while I was there , I went inside and met with some internally displaced people . And this trip is to get a better picture of the internally displaced people and to discuss with the local government , with our government , with the NGOs and with local people , the situation and try to understand what is happening , because there are over 2 million internally displaced people and there does n't seem to be a real coherent plan to help them and there 's lots of good will and lot 's of discussion -- but there seem to be a lot of uh -- just a lot of talk at the moment and a lot of pieces need to be put together . So , trying to figure out what they are . Damon : What kind of a sense have you been able to get so far in terms of how severe the crisis is and what actually needs to be done to help out ? Watch CNN 's exclusive interview with Angelina Jolie " Jolie : Well , I in my research before I came here , I looked at the numbers and there are over 4 million people displaced and of the 2 million internally displaced it 's estimated that 58 percent are under 12 years old . So it 's a very high number of people in a very , very vulnerable situation and a lot of young kids . So far the different U.S. officials I 've met with and different local people I 've met with all have shared concerns and very , very strongly you know they have spoken out about the humanitarian crisis but um , but there seems to be a block in . I 'm not good at policy and fixing all this and saying what 's wrong but I do know that for example U.N.H.C.R. needs to be more active inside Iraq . In order for that to happen , they need they feel strongly about having some better protection ... better security in talking with the U.S. officials , they 're willing to give that security to the extent that they can give it . And so you know I do n't have the answers but I know that this is one thing that needs to be addressed and solved because there does need to be a real presence here to help count the people and register the people . Also even just the government here needs to empower the prime minister ... here needs to empower the government that deals with migration and displacement to be able to address the concerns for these people and that has n't happened in a significant way yet . Damon : Do you think that the global community has a responsibility to address that ? Jolie : Well I think the global community always has a ... has a responsibility to any humanitarian crisis . And I think it 's in our best interest to address a humanitarian crisis on this scale because displacement can can lead to a lot of instability and aggression and you know pop . We do n't ... we certainly we just do n't want that we have . . A lot of people feel it 's a little calmer now ... this is the time to really discuss and and try to get these communities back together . But if these communities do n't start coming back together properly , if we do n't start really counting the people ... understanding where they are ... what they need ... making sure the schools are being built ... making sure the electricity the water and all these needs are being met and also understanding that a lot of the people that will return are going to come back to houses that are occupied or destroyed and bombed out and we have to we have to have ... It 's going to be a big operation to understand the needs ... to address it to help people put the pieces of their life back together and return to their communities . So it 's really just putting kind of ... getting the plan together ... getting the group together and everybody actively focused on helping the IDPS and the refugees . Damon : What would the message that you would want to carry out of here back to the States or even the message that you would want to get out internationally in terms of what 's happening here ... the refugee crisis ... how serious it is and the consequences that could happen in the future if it 's not properly addressed ? Jolie : I always hate speculation on the news , so I do n't want to be somebody who speculates . Um but I think it 's clear , I think , I think you know a displaced unstable population is you know is a very what happens in Iraq , and how Iraq settles in the years to come is going to affect the entire Middle East . And a big part of what is going to affect how it settles is how these people are returned and settled into their homes into their community and brought back together and whether they can live together and what their communities look like , so it does have broad implications . Damon : On a personal level why is this so important to you ... you willing to come here and risk your life ? Jolie : Uh , what about you  laughs  why are you here ?  laughs  It was an easy choice to make . I 've uh , I felt I had to come here because it is very difficult to get answers about especially the internally displaced people . It 's as I said even U.N.H.C.R. who I traditionally work with -- they are not able to be inside at the moment and so I was very frustrated and just getting a bunch of ideas and papers but not knowing what 's really going on , so so today I 'm able to talk to all different people from our government and their government and really get some answers as to what is holding up the processes to really really assist these people properly . Damon : Do you think that you in your position can try to push this process forward put ... pressure perhaps on the U.S. government to let more refugees into the U.S. to address the situation within Iraq and of course address the situations in Syria and Jordan ? Jolie : To put pressure on the U.S. ? Damon : On the U.S. or to try to just put pressure in general create awareness ? Jolie :  interrupting  I think certainly creating awareness . And I think you know what I found is there is ... I spoke to the State Department today about meeting our goal , you know the U.S. 's goal of 12,000 people and they still intend to reach that goal and they have and you know there are many different people who can be cynical or say well how are they going to do it , and I will ask them how are you going to do it and is there some way we can help to ... you know ... is there some thing we all need to understand more is there ways we can help to process different people in different countries better is there because uh because we do need to get those people and we do need to in eight months get as close to 12,000 people as possible we should and I have to believe that there are people working towards that goal so . . So at least that and um , what was your other question ? Damon : Why is it so important ? What do you think needs to be  interrupted  Why is Iraq important ? Jolie : Well as I said , if it is not stable it can affect the entire Middle East and that will effect our entire world . If you do n't simply want to look at it as of course it 's important because there are human beings living here . . I do n't see borders and I see lives and I see children and this is you know an environment where there is a war but there is a humanitarian crisis . And they have to be addressed simultaneously . We ca n't wait for one to end to then finally take the time to address the other , it has to start right now . Damon : There are reports out of Hollywood that ...  laughs Jolie : Oh do n't . Stop it .  interupts I had to ask  Stay true to your tradition . You 're CNN . Do n't do it ! Damon : I know that 's why I have to ...  Laughs Jolie : But I do n't have to answer . OK ? Damon : No you do n't . I completely and totally ... you 're right and will not press the matter . Jolie : Thank you . E-mail to a friend	Angelina Jolie visits Iraq to boost efforts to help internally displaced refugees Actress tells CNN : "  There does n't seem to be real coherent plan to help them " Jolie is goodwill ambassador for U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees More than 4.2 million Iraqis have fled homes , 2 million to neighboring states
CNN  -- In the third act of the opera "  Aida , " there is an aria , "  O Patria Mia , " that begins , "  Oh , my country , I shall never see you again . " On January 3 , 1985 , after Leontyne Price sang those words , the audience at the Metropolitan Opera House stopped her with a four-minute ovation . Price first performed at the Met 24 years earlier , and this night , this performance would be her last on an opera stage . During the curtain call , she was showered with flowers and confetti as the audience applauded her performance , and career , for 25 minutes . She stood there , beautiful , gracious , mouthing the words "  thank you " to admirers who clearly did not want to see her go . This , ladies and gentlemen , is what a diva looks like . I 'm not sure when the meaning of the word went from someone with the talent and life journey of Price to the cast of "  The Real Housewives of  insert city here  , " but I know its erosion epitomizes all that is wrong with pop culture today : Oscar nominations surrendered to actors for carrying a tune , singing competitions judged by people who ca n't really sing , celebrities who are famous for being famous . Kanye West is "  a creative genius , " but the fact that he repeatedly needs to tell people that makes him more of an anti-diva . True divas do n't need to self-promote . That 's what their loyal subjects are for . Price did n't request a 25-minute ovation . Her moment commanded one . "  I 'm trying to exhibit good taste , " Price said of her goodbye . "  I prefer to leave standing up , like a well-mannered guest at a party . " I long for the day when phrases such as "  good taste " or "  well-mannered " are uttered , let alone displayed , by the people we refer to as divas today . We 've always had bubble gum and fluff and raunch , but we used to recognize those things for what they were . If being a talentless bad girl is what pays the bills , fine ... but we never used to refer to these train wrecks as "  divas . " If it sounds as if I 'm blowing things out of proportion , consider this : There is a reality TV show called "  R&B Divas " with a cast filled with one-hit wonders . It 's as if eye-rolling has become the only qualification to be considered a precious gem . The reality is , today 's "  divas " are more likely to be pieces of charcoal : mass-produced , quick to flame out and apt to leave behind a filthy residue on everything they touch . The reason why the notion of a "  diva " was reserved for the main female singer in an opera company , like a Price or Jessye Norman -- who sings in German , French and Italian and served as the inspiration for the 1982 film "  Diva " -- is because the level of talent these women possess was thought of as rare and thus made their demanding personalities tolerable . Their recordings , treasured ; their presence , captivating ; their performances , transcending all others . Think Streisand , Houston , Streep . Today , we use the word so frequently , hardly anyone knows what it means anymore . For example , after this year 's Grammys , Buzzfeed listed its 16 greatest divas moments and included the pitch-challenged Taylor Swift -- twice . An ABCNews.com headline actually read : "  Kim Kardashian 's Diva Delivery . " Entertainment Weekly once named Rihanna "  Diva of the Year . " The very existence of such an honor should provoke nausea , because there are not enough true divas in the world to sustain such an annual award . Bit by bit , we have replaced art that is meant to be slow-cooked art with that which is microwavable  and forgettable  . Thus our movie theaters are dominated by remakes and sequels , best-selling authors plagiarize , belching is considered witty . VH1 Divas is a fundraiser music showcase created to support the Save the Music Foundation . The nonprofit was designed to help restore instrumental music programs in public schools after so many were lost due to budget cuts . In the beginning , the "  divas " who performed were along the lines of Aretha Franklin , Tina Turner , Mariah Carey ... voices that were iconic , even if you did n't particularly care for their music . In the latest installment of the series , Miley Cyrus was among the headliners . Miley Cyrus . Diva . No , I do n't think I 'm overreacting . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : "  Diva " once applied to people with long records of achievement He says the term now is used for many who are famous for being famous or early in their careers LZ : True divas are people like Leontyne Price , Barbara Streisand , Meryl Streep Kanye West calling himself a "  creative genius " rules him out of the diva category , LZ says
CNN  -- On September 11 , 2001 , when thousands of innocent men and women lost their lives , tens of thousands more came to their assistance . We as a nation saw greater acts of heroism than we could have imagined : First responders from all over New York and all over the country came to ground zero to save lives , provide proper burial for lives that were lost and assist in the enormous effort to clean up and recover from that devastating attack on our nation . Tragically , in the nine years since the attack , more than 30,000 responders and survivors from across the country have had to be medically treated because of their exposure to ground zero toxins . They are waiting for Congress to pass legislation to ensure that they can continue to get the care they need . Our 9/11 heroes did n't think twice that day . Bound by duty , a love of our nation and their fellow Americans , they joined hand in hand with heroes from every corner of America to come to our rescue . Now , it 's long past time we came to theirs . Nine years ago , no one could have imagined that our nation would ignore our duty to the 9/11 heroes . Nine years ago , no one could have imagined that our country would leave these heroes behind . The James Zadroga 9/11 Health and Compensation Act would finally provide monitoring and treatment for World Trade Center responders and community members who are suffering , and for those who traveled to ground zero from all across America . The legislation would establish the World Trade Center Health Program within the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health  NIOSH  to provide permanent medical monitoring and treatment for WTC-related conditions to responders and community members . The program administrator will establish a nationwide network of providers so that eligible individuals who live outside of the New York area can reasonably access monitoring and treatment benefits where they live . These eligible individuals are included in the caps on the number of participants in the responder and community programs . One often overlooked aspect of the legislation is its level of accountability and transparency for the disbursement funds . It will terminate the six billing systems created in the chaotic aftermath of September 11 , and establish a third-party administrator , who will set reasonable rates , track expenditures and enforce eligibility requirements . And the legislation reopens the September 11 Victim Compensation Fund to cover economic damages and losses for individuals who became ill after the original December 22 , 2003 deadline . The bottom line is that this should not be a partisan fight . We have an undeniable , moral obligation to provide our 9/11 heroes with all the care they need . Heroes like NYPD Officer Robert Helmke , who died from Stage IV metastatic colorectal cancer caused by inhaling and swallowing toxins at ground zero . He was 43 . Robert worked many tours of duty at ground zero . He ate food and unknowingly inhaled toxic substances while working . At no time while working at ground zero was he instructed to wear a breathing apparatus , nor was he told that the air was unhealthy . Stage IV metastatic colorectal cancer is a form of cancer in the upper GI tract , and it is very rare to see it in a man so young . He was told that treatment would not cure him , only help him live longer . In his own words , he reacted to his diagnosis : "  Talk about crushing news ! My wife and I sat in the car and cried , and I asked her what did I ever do to deserve this . "  On July 11th , 2006 , I had major surgery to remove two tumorous parts of my small colon and have radiation on the large tumor in my liver . Before my surgery , I had four chemotherapy treatments , and was in the emergency room three times to be treated for dehydration before finally having to go on an all-liquid diet and intravenous feeding . "  I have a wife , Greta , and two young children , Garrett and Amelia , who have seen my health worsen since participating in the WTC recovery . My favorite things in life are slowly being taken away from me . My work , food , helping others and caring for my family . " Officer Helmke died on July 28 , 2007 . And the longer we delay this bill , the more heroes like Officer Helmke we risk losing . The U.S. House of Representatives passed this bill in September and now it 's time to keep our promise to 9/11 heroes and pass this bill in the U.S. Senate . We ca n't afford to wait any longer . I 'm urging my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do what they know is right and support this legislation . Republican leaders from around the country have stepped forward , including former Republican presidential candidates . Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said , "  This is something that most Americans want . Something that Republicans like me want . These are people , after all , who were hurt and harmed because of the worst attack in the history of this country . They 're entitled to more consideration than this . " And former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee said , "  Every Republican should vote for this bill . " The men and women who lived through and came to our rescue on 9/11 were not Democrats or Republicans or independents . They were Americans first and foremost , and so were the people they saved . It 's time for us in Congress to honor their sacrifices by coming together as Americans and keeping our promise to provide them with the care they need to save their lives . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Kirsten Gillibrand .	Kirsten Gillibrand : Thousands lost lives on 9/11 , and tens of thousands came to help First responders from all over New York and the U.S. came to ground zero , she says Gillibrand : 30,000 responders have been medically treated after exposure to toxins Pass bill , she says , to provide monitoring and treatment for conditions
Are the odds still ever in our favor ? ` Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 1 " has hit theaters , and critics seem divided on whether it 's a strong offering . Politics is a star , as much as Jennifer Lawrence 's rebel Katniss Everdeen , in the latest installment of the popular franchise . Adapted from the the third novel in the young adult series by Suzanne Collins , the film finds Katniss stepping firmly into her role as leader in the fight against the authoritarian-totalitarian regime of Panem . Joe Morgenstern of the Wall Street Journal notes the controversy that has surrounded the decision to make two movies out of the third book and writes "  but this latest film , which Francis Lawrence directed from a screenplay by Peter Craig and Danny Strong , proves to be much more than scene-setting . " "  It 's about the power of political symbols , and the danger of becoming one -- about Katniss staying true to herself , and to those she loves , while her handlers seek to reshape her into some sort of sci-fi Joan of Arc , " he writes . The Wrap 's Alonso Duralde finds that the new film "  calls to mind smart political comedies like ` Wag the Dog ' and ` Tanner ' 88 . ' " "  Returning director Francis Lawrence finds interesting visual moments , even in the underground bunker , " Duralde writes . "  At one point , Katniss looks down on rows and rows of rebels climbing down , down , down a metallic triangular staircase , and it 's like something out of "  Metropolis . " That 's a pretty bold quotation to make for a film that 's also about a proletariat revolution , but even if "  Mockingjay " is n't on the level of that silent classic , it 's not an altogether inappropriate reference point . " But Todd McCarthy of The Hollywood Reporter pins Part 1 as "  an overgrown and bloated trailer for a film yet to come . " "  Unfortunately , ` Mockingjay - Part 1 ' has all the personality of an industrial film , " he says . "  There 's not a drop of insolence , insubordination or insurrection running through its veins ; it feels like a manufactured product through and through , ironic and sad given its revolutionary theme . " Slate 's movie critic , Dana Stevens , writes of the parallel themes of teen romance and revolution in the film . Katniss is torn between feelings for Peeta  Josh Hutcherson  , who is now in the custody of the Capitol , and fellow freedom fighter Gale  Liam Hemsworth  . "  War and teenage angst make for uncomfortable narrative bedfellows , but at least the political violence that rips through the fictional country of Panem is neither glossed over nor trivialized , " Stevens writes , noting the film 's PG-13 rating for scenes that include executions and mass slaughter . "  And Jennifer Lawrence is actress enough to invest even Katniss ' comparatively low-stakes struggle with some dramatic heft . " Indeed , it appears that the acting may be part of the saving grace for the film according to some . Claudia Puig of USA Today praises Lawrence and her fellow cast members , including Julianne Moore and the late Philip Seymour Hoffman . "  Jennifer Lawrence reveals greater depth and emotional layers as rebel leader Katniss and is bolstered by powerhouse supporting performances , " Puig writes . "  New to the dystopian franchise , Julianne Moore plays District 13 President Alma Coin with just the right blend of stern authority and humanity . Her right-hand man is the once-sinister , now-wearied Plutarch Heavensbee , played perfectly by Philip Seymour Hoffman . " Do you plan on seeing the film ? Sound off in the comments below .	` Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 1 " is in theaters now One critic called it "  an overgrown and bloated trailer " Another hailed the acting in the film
Hong Kong  CNN  -- North Korea 's neighbors have condemned the secretive nation 's launch of a long-range rocket , with Seoul calling the launch a "  challenge and threat " to stability on the Korean peninsula and the world at large . The rocket passed close to the territory of Japan and South Korea , but both have refrained from any retaliation . Japan said it did not take any action to destroy what it termed "  a missile , " which passed over its territory near the island of Okinawa , and had not seen any signs of damage . Japan 's Chief Cabinet Secretary Osamu Fujimura said the launch was "  extremely regrettable . " Beijing , North Korea 's main ally in the region , took a softer line . North Korea silences doubters , raises fears with rocket launch Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei expressed regret at North Korea 's decision to launch despite the concerns of the international community . "  We hope relevant parties stay calm in order to maintain peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula , " the spokesman said . South Korea 's government urged North Korea not to devote resources to developing missiles . "  North Korea will be further isolated from the international community after this launch , " a statement from the presidential Blue House said . Debris from the rocket landed 300 km east of the Philippines , which urged Pyongyang to "  desist from acts of provocation . " A special broadcast on North Korean television struck a triumphant tone , declaring that its rocket had successfully put a satellite into orbit . The stakes were high after a botched attempt at launching a rocket in April . Ordinary South Koreans , meanwhile , worried about the motivations behind the launch . "  Confrontation is n't good , it will also cause military tension , but I think North Korea just wanted to show off , " Kim Hyun-ok said . "  I am not happy with the continuous confrontation this launch will cause . " In a commentary published by state news agency Xinhua earlier in the day , Beijing said there was a "  dangerous lack of trust " between North Korea and Japan , South Korea and the United States . It said Pyongyang should abide by U.N. resolutions but that the country had "  the right to conduct peaceful exploration of outer space . " North Korea shouts ` look at me ' with rocket Its reaction to North Korea 's move and how it responds to any U.N. Security Council initiatives will be key . Japan has asked for a meeting of the Security Council and reports Wednesday suggest that a meeting may take place later in the day . Beijing is a major source of aid for North Korea and is thought to have the most leverage when it comes to reining in its nuclear ambitions . Analysts say , however , that Beijing is unlikely to take a hard line on its neighbor . China is thought to be primarily concerned with maintaining the status quo on the Korean peninsula given that any long-range missiles developed by North Korea are unlikely to be aimed at Beijing . Why did North Korea launch a rocket ? "  From China 's perspective it has very little interest or need to come down very hard on North Korea until the U.S , Japan and South Korea make it clear to China that allowing North Korea to do this is going to be more costly than cracking down on them , " said Dean Cheng , research fellow in Chinese Political and Security Affairs at the Heritage Foundation . Cheng added that China does not have many subtle tools at its disposal when it comes to influencing Pyongyang 's behavior . "  What they have is a giant hammer . They could hurt North Korea by shutting down all economic relations and trade , but that would likely generate a large number of refugees , something the Chinese are n't interested in . " American detained in North Korea The U.N. has already passed two resolutions aimed at preventing North Korea from launching ballistic missile technology and suspending all activities related to its missile program . North Korea claims the rocket tests will enable it to launch a satellite but many nations consider the launches a cover for testing ballistic missiles . The U.S. tried to tighten sanctions against North Korea in the wake of April 's failed launch by targeting banks , businesses and government entities that are violating the resolutions , but China vetoed all but three of the 40 entities the U.S. had suggested should be added to the sanction list . The other forum for engaging Pyongyang are the "  six-party talks " between South Korea , Japan , China , the U.S. and Russia . Plans to resume the talks after Kim Jong Un took power in December , following the death of his father , were scuppered after North Korea 's failed missile launch in April . Timeline : North Korea 's rocket-fueled obsession CNN 's KJ Kwon in Seoul , Yoko Wakatsuki in Tokyo and Hilary Whiteman in Hong Kong contributed to this report .	Japan and South Korea decry North Korean rocket launch NEW : China regrets launch and urges calm Beijing seen as having most leverage over North Korea How China responds to new initiatives will be key
CNN  -- As Easter comes into view , the thoughts of billions of Christians turn to Jerusalem , to a sacred weekend that includes the crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus . Of course , people regard these events with various degrees of literalness . But Easter retains its power . It is , in fact , the essential Christian celebration , as the Gospels focus hugely on this part of the Jesus story . They describe in slow motion his entry into Jerusalem and the final week leading up to the crucifixion on Good Friday , the uncertain stillness of Holy Saturday , when the world seems to have slipped into total darkness , then the joy of the Resurrection itself , with a sense that boundaries have been broken -- most aggressively , the membrane between life and death . Questions arise , of course . Did Jesus really rise from the dead ? What would that look like ? Many Christians imagine some literal wakening from the dead and refuse to accept the slightest hint that the Resurrection might be regarded as symbolic without denigrating it . Indeed , if you read the Gospel narratives closely , it 's not easy to say what actually happened . All four of them skip the actual Resurrection . That is , we never see Jesus waken . The first inkling of change comes when a few women close to him visit the tomb . Accounts differ on who turned up at the tomb that morning : Mary Magdalene , a close friend of Jesus , alone or with Mary , his mother , and with Salome  who is either Mary 's sister or the mother of apostles James and John  . In John 's Gospel , Mary Magdalene visits the tomb alone . To her amazement , she finds the stone rolled away . In panic , she runs to tell Peter and another  unnamed  disciple , who rush to the tomb and find it empty . They appear to think someone has stolen the body . Meanwhile , Mary Magdalene sits outside the tomb by herself , crying softly . After a while , she walks back into the crypt , where she sees two angels in white . They speak to her , and then a mysterious figure appears at her side to ask her why she 's crying . She thinks he 's the gardener , then she recognizes the voice if not the face when he calls her by name . She cries : "  Rabboni ! " -- in Aramaic , "  teacher . " The post-Resurrection appearances of Jesus vary wildly . For the most part , those who meet him fail to recognize him , as in the story of the Road to Emmaus , where Jesus appears beside two of his followers . They do n't recognize him , which suggests that he has not reappeared in a familiar form . Even when he joins them for dinner , they do n't know who sits beside them . Only when he prays over the bread before eating do they recognize him , and he immediately disappears -- poof . Even his closest disciples do n't know Jesus when they see him , as in John 's Gospel , where he appears by the Sea of Galilee to Peter , Thomas , Nathanael and two other disciples . It takes quite a while for Peter , alone among them , to recognize this mysterious figure on the shore who advises them where to catch the fish . A kind of summary of Jesus ' post-Resurrection appearances will be found in Paul 's first letter to the Corinthians  15:5 -8  : "  He appeared to Cephas -LSB- Peter -RSB- , and then to the Twelve . Then he appeared to over five hundred brothers at one time , most of whom remain alive now , though some have fallen asleep . Then he showed himself to James , then to all the apostles . Finally , he appeared to me . " This letter of Paul is one of the earliest examples of Christian literature , written perhaps 20 years after Jesus died , and it gives us some sense of what stories people were telling about him . The last appearance , alas , hardly counts for much , as it occurs on the Road to Damascus , where Paul hears a voice from the Lord , which says : "  I am Jesus whom you persecute . "  Acts 9:5  When Paul opens his eyes , however , he sees nothing . These accounts of what happened after Easter suggest that a lot of different rumors circulated about the Resurrection , and the four Gospels reflect these divergent stories . And the characteristics of Jesus ' resurrected body shift a good deal . In one case , Jesus asks Thomas , the famous doubter , to touch the wound in his side , proving that he 's really there . Elsewhere , Jesus passes through locked doors like a ghost -- an unsettling image . In Luke 's Gospel , he astonishes his disciples by eating "  a piece of broiled fish " as well as swallowing honey . For the most part , his appearances retain a dreamlike quality , suggesting that Jesus did n't want anyone to assume that whatever happened to him occurred in ordinary time and space . He did not , like Lazarus , simply get up and walk from the burial crypt and resume life on the street . This is the Resurrection , not the Great Resuscitation . But Christian thinking is Resurrection thinking . It 's about rebirth or reawakening in many forms , about spiritual and moral transformation . And this is the really good news of Easter .	Jay Parini : Easter is Christians ' most powerful day . People vary on how literal resurrection is The Gospel writings about this are unclear on what happened . They skip that part , he says He says in post-Resurrection accounts Jesus appears , but he is not recognizable Parini : Differing accounts suggest much was rumor . But Easter rebirth message endures
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova took aim at arch-rival Serena Williams Saturday as she told the World No. 1 to stick to tennis rather than courting controversy . Earlier this week , Williams had to apologize for comments she made to Rolling Stone magazine over the rape of a 16-year-old girl by two high school American football players in Ohio . Eyebrows were also raised in the same article over a passage which appeared to reference Sharapova . It accused an unnamed player of being "  boring " and made unflattering remarks about her choice of boyfriend . Sharapova is dating Bulgarian tennis player Grigo Dimitrov . Sharapova , the third seed at Wimbledon and bidding for her first title at SW19 since 2004 , used the pre-tournament media conference to hit back . "  We have a tremendous amount of respect for what we do on the court . I just think she should be talking about her accomplishments , her achievements , rather than everything else that 's just getting attention and controversy , ' the Russian was quoted by the UK 's Press Association . "  If she wants to talk about something personal , maybe she should talk about her relationship and her boyfriend that was married and is getting a divorce and has kids . "  She should  talk about other things , but not draw attention to other things . She has so much in her life , many positives , and I think that 's what it should be about . " 16-time grand slam winner Williams is reportedly in a relationship with her French coach Patrick Mouratoglou , but neither has spoken publicly about it . She has won three of last four grand slams under his guidance , the latest at the French Open where she beat defending champion Sharapova in a hard-fought final in Paris . On Tuesday , Williams came under fire , particularly on Twitter and other social media , when her reported remarks to Rolling Stone about the rape were made public on its website . "  She 's 16 , why was she that drunk where she does n't remember ? It could have been much worse . She 's lucky . Obviously , I do n't know , maybe she was n't a virgin , but she should n't have put herself in that position , unless they slipped her something , then that 's different , " she was quoted . The following day , Williams released a statement on her personal website , saying she was "  deeply sorry for what was written in the Rolling Stone article . What was written -- what I supposedly said -- is insensitive and hurtful , and I by no means would say or insinuate that she was at all to blame , " it said . Sharapova said Williams would do well to steer clear of such issues . "  I obviously have many opinions about different things in life , " she said . "  But what I do on the court and what I talk about in my press conference is strictly about my career . I 'm sure people want to know more , but yet I try to keep my personal life private . "  If I speak to my friends , that 's one thing . But I do n't go out and try to create things that should n't be really talked about . " Meanwhile , in the pre-Wimbledon warm-up tournament at Eastbourne , Sharapova 's compatriot Elena Vesnina took the title , beating Jamie Hampton of the United States in the final . Simona Halep of Romania also warmed up by taking the title in s-Hertogenbosch in the Netherlands with a straight sets win over Kirsten Flipkens of Belgium . Frenchman Nicolas Mahut , renowned for his world record marathon match with John Isner at Wimbledon in 2010 , took his maiden ATP title at the same event . He beat favorite Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland , also in straight sets . .	Maria Sharapova hits out at World No. 1 Serena Williams Russian says American should stop courting controversy Irked by apparent reference to her in article in Rolling Stone magazine Elena Vesnina takes Eastbourne title beating Jamie Hampton of United States
CNN  -- Vita Food Products says it is recalling more than 8,000 packages of its smoked salmon because the product may be contaminated . The recall affects the Vita Classic Premium Sliced Smoked Atlantic Nova Salmon . The Chicago-based company says 8,088 packages could be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes , which can cause fatal infections to people with weakened immune systems , children and the elderly . "  To date , no confirmed illnesses or complaints have been reported by customers , although the company is closely monitoring the situation , " the company said in a statement Friday . The company says the salmon was sold throughout the country . Grocery stores that received the salmon include Publix in Georgia , South Carolina , Tennessee , Alabama and Florida . The salmon was also sold to Safeway stores in Alaska , Washington , Oregon , Idaho , Colorado , Maryland , Virginia , Pennsylvania , the District of Columbia and California . Genuardi 's stores in Pennsylvania and New Jersey , and Winn Dixie stores in Florida also got the salmon . CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	The packages may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes It can cause fatal infections to people with weakened immune systems "  To date , no confirmed illnesses ... have been reported , " the company says
CNN  -- After a weeklong campaign by a coalition of more than 100 women 's groups , Facebook announced Tuesday that it would update its guidelines and moderator training to crack down on gender-based hate speech . This commitment , though only a prelude to effective and consistent implementation , marks a watershed moment in the cultural evolution of the billion-user-strong social media platform -- and perhaps even of the entire internet . The activist campaign spotlighted a proliferation of content glorifying rape and other violence against women on Facebook . Groups and images with allegedly humorous titles like "  Raping a Pregnant B *** h and Telling Your Friends You Had a Threesome " have always been only a click away and , under Facebook 's content policy until now , stood a better chance of surviving moderator review than photos of breastfeeding babies did . Some have criticized the activist campaign as an attack on free speech , but free speech here is a red herring at best . Facebook is a private enterprise , and the First Amendment quite simply is not the issue . Like any private online service , Facebook also has a right to set terms of use and a responsibility to shareholders to meet users ' needs . Some 60,000 tweets to the campaign 's #fbrape hashtag made clear that violently misogynistic content was doing damage to Facebook 's relationship with its user base . Facebook makes thousands of decisions a day about what sort of content is acceptable on its site . Soraya Chemaly , one of the founders of this month 's campaign along with activist groups Women Action and the Media and Everyday Sexism , told me that Facebook 's moderation of ads or content like breastfeeding photos "  put them in a position of interpreting this content and deciding what would stay up and what would not . ... It became evident that there was a double standard when it came to gender . " Viewed in that light , Facebook 's response to the activist campaign signals not a radical change of agenda but rather a refinement to its existing content policies . Yet its significance for women ca n't be overstated . The acceptability of speech glorifying sexual or other violence against women is a sure measure of the degree to which women 's full participation -- on a website , in any public space or in a society -- is welcome . Facebook is to be commended for committing to take additional steps to ensure that women are as welcome on its service as men . Twitter , Tumblr , Google + and the rest would do well to follow in Facebook 's footsteps . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michelle Kinsey Bruns .	Facebook agrees to crack down on gender-based hate speech Michelle Kinsey Bruns : Site allowed content glorifying rape , other violence against women It 's no First Amendment issue , she says ; it 's about terms of use , shareholders Kinsey Bruns : Move is very significant to women ; Tumblr , Twitter , Google + must follow
CNN  -- Like former White House Press Secretary James Brady , my life has a "  before " and an "  after . " For Jim Brady , who died Monday at 73 , the "  before " was the time leading up to March 30 , 1981 , when he was gravely wounded by an assassin aiming for President Ronald Reagan , who was also seriously wounded . For me , "  before " was my life as a nurse , wife , and mother leading up to December 7 , 1993 , when a mentally disturbed gunman shot and killed my husband , Dennis , and severely wounded my son Kevin during a mass shooting on the Long Island Railroad . The "  after " for Jim and for me has been a life colored by sadness and loss , but also driven by a cause bigger than both of us : ending violence caused by guns in this country . Jim Brady did not choose to be a leading advocate to prevent gun violence , but he embraced that role with courage and grace . Jim and his wonderfully steely wife , Sarah , founded the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and went to work to ensure that other individuals and families would not have to endure what they suffered after the 1981 shooting . Jim and Sarah have been leaders in the anti-gun violence effort for over 30 years and they have always handled their roles in a way that has earned them admirers across this country and around the world . Jim and Sarah have led the discussion on the role guns play in our society . I first met Jim Brady in late 1993 after the Long Island Railroad shooting . He and Sarah were very kind and provided me with hope for life after my shooting tragedy . Even while recovering from his severe head wound , he moved forward into his own new life of prodding America into addressing gun violence in a commonsense manner . Jim Brady had a great sense of humor and he used that humor to put people at ease when they met him . He never played the martyr . Jim and I were once discussing my son 's recovery from his gunshot wounds and I told Jim that Kevin wanted to go skydiving . I had my doubts , but Jim thought it was a great goal . He said , on behalf of all shooting victims , "  We want to show people that we are still the person we were and we do things that people think we ca n't . " On his next birthday , Kevin went skydiving . James Brady 's lasting legacy is , of course , the law that bears his name . The Brady Law , providing for background checks and a waiting period for gun purchases , has been in effect for more than 20 years . It has blocked more than 2 million gun sales to felons , fugitives and those suffering from mental illness . While the tragedies of Columbine , Virginia Tech , Newtown , and unfortunately many others demonstrate that we have more to do toward ending gun violence in America , Jim Brady leaves us with a law that has undoubtedly saved many lives . The Brady law continues to protect Americans , and the life of James Brady will continue to inspire all those faced with challenge and tragedy . My friend , Jim Brady , will be greatly missed .	Carolyn McCarthy : Like James Brady , her life had "  before " and "  after " a shooting tragedy She lost her husband , and son injured ; Brady was gravely wounded by would-be assassin She says Jim and Sarah Brady 's anti-gun violence efforts have made huge mark in U.S. McCarthy : Brady funny , brave , supportive . His legacy is Brady Law , which has saved lives
CNN  -- Chronic seizures can present a risk for adolescents , whose bodies and metabolism are changing . Jett Travolta was the elder of John Travolta and Kelly Preston 's two children . A seizure disorder caused the death of Jett Travolta , the 16-year-old son of actors John Travolta and Kelly Preston , a source at a Bahamas funeral home told CNN . "  Literally dozens of different disorders can cause seizures : genetics , stroke , brain tumor , lack of oxygen , low blood sugar , drugs , even certain medications , " said Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent . Another expert said the teen years bring risks for those with seizures . "  Adolescence is a time , even if you do n't talk about children with any seizure disorder , where things change in a child , " said Dr. Shlomo Shinnar of Montefiore Medical Center in New York . There are effective drugs to treat seizures . As children grow , their bodies and metabolism change , perhaps causing a need to adjust their dosage , said Shinnar , a professor of neurology and pediatrics and director of the Comprehensive Epilepsy Management Center at Montefiore . "  Seizures during adolescence can get better or worse or stay the same , " he said . And the risk of seizures is higher for children with disabilities such as autism and cerebral palsy , Shinnar said . Jett Travolta had a developmental disability that his parents have linked to Kawasaki disease , an inflammatory disorder of the artery walls that most commonly occurs in young children . An autopsy of the actors ' son was completed Monday , and the body was cremated that evening , the funeral home source said . Jett was found unconscious in the bathroom Friday while on vacation with his family . Michael Ossi , an attorney for Travolta , told CNN last week that Jett had a seizure that morning at the family 's home in a resort area . He was taken by ambulance to a hospital and pronounced dead on arrival , according to local police . People.com reported that Travolta , Preston and their 8-year-old daughter Ella Blue arrived in Florida on Monday night with Jett 's ashes . The reports that a seizure disorder caused Jett 's death were preliminary , Gupta said . "  It tells us more about what did not happen than the ultimate cause of death . It rules out brain injury , bleeding on brain , skull fractures , rules out heart problems due to Kawasaki disease , which is the disease the Travoltas say their son suffered , " he said . Kawasaki disease , believed to be caused by an infection , inflames the heart muscles . In 2001 , Travolta told CNN 's Larry King that his son had a near brush with death related to the condition . "  I was obsessive about cleaning -- his space being clean , so we constantly had the carpets cleaned . And I think , between him , the fumes and walking around , maybe picking up pieces or something , he got what is rarely a thing to deal with , but it 's Kawasaki syndrome , " Travolta said of his then-2-year-old son . Dr. Cam Patterson , general cardiologist at the University of North Carolina and a genetics expert who follows Kawasaki disease , told CNN , "  There is no real good link at all between Kawasaki disease and cleaning products . "  Kawasaki disease is due to an abnormal immunnologic response , probably to an infectious agent or infection we do n't yet understand , " Patterson said . "  There is nothing that links environmental toxins to this problem . " Someone with Kawasaki could have seizures for one of two reasons , but they would be rare , he said . "  One , sometime in the past one of the arteries in the brain ruptured and caused stroke , " he said . "  Two , if the artery had enlarged enough , it could be pressing on parts of brain and that could cause seizure . Both possibilities are unusual for Kawasaki disease . " A very small study released in 1991 found an association between cases of Kawasaki disease in homes where carpet had been cleaned in the past 30 days . "  It 's very easy to find correlations , but does n't mean causative , " Patterson said . The next step would have been to conduct more tests , by taking toxicological tests and brain examinations to see what could have caused the seizure . "  Even with physical evidence and a deeper look by neuropathologists , we still may never have an answer , " Gupta said on CNN 's American Morning . CNN 's Stephanie Smith and Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	Seizures in teenagers can be caused by dozens of disorders , genetics Seizure said to have caused the death of Jett Travolta , 16 Family has linked seizures to Kawasaki disease ; experts say it 's unlikely
CNN  -- Richard Matheson , a prolific American science fiction author and screenwriter whose stories were made into movies and TV episodes , has died . He was 87 . He died at his home in Los Angeles on Sunday , according to his son . "  As monumental as he is as a writer , he was every bit that as a husband , father , grandfather and friend , " Richard Christian Matheson said on his Facebook page . "  He was my hero and my best friend and I loved him deeply . I will miss him forever . I know we all will . " During a career that spanned more than 60 years , the elder Matheson wrote more than 25 novels and nearly 100 short stories , plus screenplays for TV and film . Several of his novels were made into movies . "  I Am Legend , " released in 1954 , inspired three films , including 2007 's movie of the same name that starred Will Smith . His 1956 novel "  The Shrinking Man " was adapted for the big screen , becoming "  The Incredible Shrinking Man . " Matheson was a major contributor to Rod Serling 's classic TV series "  The Twilight Zone , " penning more than a dozen scripts from 1959 to 1964 , including "  Nightmare at 20,000 Feet . " He also wrote for "  The Alfred Hitchcock Hour " and was the creative force behind the classic "  Star Trek " episode "  The Enemy Within . " Matheson 's death comes as he was about to be honored by the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy and Horror Films . He was to have received the organization 's Visionary Award at Wednesday 's annual Saturn Awards . "  Richard Matheson has been a singular voice in fiction , whose prolific written work is as unforgettable as the television and filmed entertainment it has inspired for more than half a century , " a statement on the academy 's website says . Fellow writer John Shirley counted Matheson among the best at the craft . "  He was just so influential . He raised the bar for writing thrillers ; he brought that high standard and sophistication to everything he did , " Shirley said on Facebook . "  And his works ... as books and movies , influenced me to have hope for meaning in life , and in the afterlife ... he affected my point of view on life . " People we lost in 2013 : The lives they lived	Richard Matheson wrote more than 25 novels and nearly 100 short stories His book , "  I Am Legend , " inspired three films , including one starring Will Smith Matheson was to be honored by the Academy of Science Fiction , Fantasy and Horror Films He wrote episodes of "  The Twilight Zone " and "  Star Trek "
New York  CNN  -- Three bikers have been indicted in connection with a well-publicized clash with a New York SUV driver , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office said Friday . Craig Wright , 29 , and Reginald Chance , 37 , were indicted Friday , according to the district attorney 's office . A third man , Robert Sims , 35 , was indicted on Thursday , it said . Authorities say Alexander Lien was chased by bikers after he initially bumped one during a biker rally on September 29 . When his SUV was surrounded by several bikers , Lien called 9-1-1 , told police he feared for his life and drove off , running over bikers and critically injuring one . Lien 's wife and 2-year-old daughter were in the vehicle with him . Lien has not been charged . The chase that followed ended in traffic . Police say Lien 's windows were smashed ; he was dragged out of the SUV and beaten . He was treated and released from a hospital . Officials did not detail the formal charges against the three men . In New York , charges in an indictment are not announced until defendants have been arraigned and can enter a plea . Chance was accused of using his helmet to smash the SUV window , according to police . The lawyer for Chance concedes his client "  overreacted , " but claims he did not take part in beating the driver . Authorities arrested Wright for allegedly hitting the SUV driver through the window of his vehicle . Sims was accused of stomping on the driver after he was pulled from his SUV , authorities said . Wright , Chance and Sims are scheduled to be arraigned on October 30 , according to the district attorney 's office . At least seven people have been arrested , including the three who were indicted . Authorities , who have appealed for the public 's help in identifying people in photos , have n't ruled out more arrests or charges . Meanwhile , a New York Police officer who works in Internal Affairs joins the ranks of at least two others with the NYPD who waited several days to tell their superiors they were at the rally where the SUV driver was beaten and kicked , according to the lawyer for the officer . "  He did what he had to do  by coming forward  , " the officer 's attorney , Pat Bonanno , told CNN . A law enforcement source , with knowledge of the case , told CNN the Internal Affairs officer did n't report he was at the rally for at least a week . CNN is withholding the officer 's name , who worked for Internal Affairs for five years , because he has not been charged with any wrongdoing at this time . The story was first reported by DNAInfo.com , a site specializing in crime news . Bonanno says the officer belongs to a motorcycle club and was riding with hundreds of bikers who participated in the September 29th rally , but insists he did n't witness the assault on Lien . "  He was n't aware of anything of the nature posted on YouTube and he does n't have any firsthand knowledge of what was going on , " Bonanno said . "  Once all the videos are reviewed and witnesses interviewed , we 'll find that my client has no culpability for anything that happened that day . " Bonanno offered no explanation as to why the officer waited so long to tell his superiors he was there . "  That will be addressed in an appropriate time and manner , " he said . The source , speaking on condition of anonymity , tells CNN authorities are investigating his account . Law enforcement sources have told CNN there were no on-duty police officers riding with the bikers in an undercover capacity . NYPD Deputy Commissioner John McCarthy declined comment as did the Manhattan District Attorney 's office . At least two other officers are under investigation . One of them is Detective Wojciech Braszczok , who faces three felony counts including gang assault . Prosecutors say the off-duty cop is on video allegedly using his fist to bash in the rear window of Lien 's SUV and kick it . Braszczok 's lawyer has denied his client did anything wrong and says video will exonerate him . Another law enforcement source has told CNN another off-duty officer who did n't immediately report the incident was riding with Braszczok . That officer , according to sources , has been reassigned to a desk job . He is not believed to have witnessed the assault and is not expected to be charged , said the source , who was spoke on condition of anonymity . Outlaws or stunt artists ? Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : A third NYPD officer is under investigation in connection with the clash Craig Wright , 29 , and Reginald Chance , 37 , have been indicted Robert Sims , 35 , also was indicted in the biker clash There have been seven arrests in connection with the clash
CNN  -- The following are excerpts from the Heather Mills-Paul McCartney divorce ruling , issued by the Honorable Mr. Justice Bennett . Dollar figures are based on the current exchange rate of approximately two dollars per British pound : Heather Mills ' case "  boils down to the syndrome of ` me , too , ' " said the judge . On Mills ' finances : "  I have to say I can not accept the wife 's case that she was wealthy and independent by the time she met the husband in the middle of 1999 . Her problem stems from the lack of any documentary evidence to support her case as to the level of her earnings . I do not doubt her commitment to charitable causes ... -LSB- but -RSB- I find that the wife 's case as to her wealth in 1999 to be wholly exaggerated . The assertion that she was a wealthy person in 1999 is , of course , the first step in her overall case that her career , which in 1999 she says was one producing rich financial rewards , was thereafter blighted by the husband during their relationship . It is therefore connected to the issue of ` compensation . ' " On her stature as "  business partner " : "  In my judgment the picture painted by the husband of the wife 's part in his emotional and professional life is much closer to reality than the wife 's account . The wife , as the husband said , enjoys being the center of attention . ... I am prepared to accept that her presence was emotionally supportive to him but to suggest that in some way she was his ` business partner ' is , I am sorry to have to say , make-belief . " On gifts to Mills from McCartney : " -LSB- McCartney -RSB- asserted  and there is no dispute  that he made substantial capital payments to the wife over and above an annual allowance of # 360,000  $ 720,000  per annum . He lent her monies in respect of his purchase and renovation of -LSB- the house -RSB- Angel 's Rest . In 2002 and 2003 he gave her cash totaling # 500,000  $ 1 million  . He lent -LSB- Heather 's sister -RSB- Fiona Mills # 421,000  $ 842,000  to buy a property and purchased a house for -LSB- Heather 's relative -RSB- Sonya Mills for # 193,000  $ 386,000  . In 2005 he purchased jewelry for the wife worth # 264,000  $ 528,000  . " On some paintings in Angel 's Rest : " -LSB- Mills -RSB- asserted in her cross-examination of the husband that some 30 paintings done by -LSB- McCartney -RSB- , which are hanging in Angel 's Rest , were given to her by the husband . The husband strongly disagreed . The husband told me that when the wife bought Angel 's Rest she had nothing to hang on the walls and so he lent her 30 of his own paintings . He told me they were his , that he may leave them in trust for Beatrice and his other children , and that he wants them back save for the flower photographs and the Isle of Man stamp design , both given to the wife by the husband . The husband , I find , was generous towards the wife but his generosity did not extend to giving her 30 valuable paintings  of his own creation .  I accept the husband 's evidence . In my judgment he is entitled to have them back . " On the size of McCartney 's fortune : "  It is unnecessary in the instant case to arrive at a precise figure for the total wealth of the husband , given its enormous size . As he has always accepted , he can pay any sum which the court considers appropriate as for financial provision for the wife . Nevertheless I find that the husband 's total wealth amounts to approximately # 400 million  $ 800 million  . I reject the wife 's case that he is worth # 800 million  $ 1.6 billion  . There is absolutely no evidence at all to support that figure or any figure anywhere near it . " On living style : "  In my judgment the wife 's attitude , ... her open offers , her oral and written evidence , and her submissions is that she is entitled for the indefinite future , if not for the whole of her life , to live at the same ` rate ' as the husband and to be kept in the style to which she perceives she was accustomed during the marriage . Although she strongly denied it her case boils down to the syndrome of ` me , too ' or ` if he has it , I want it too . ' ... It must have been absolutely plain to the wife after separation that it was wholly unrealistic to expect to go on living at the rate at which she perceived she was living . " On Mills ' future : "  The wife 's case is that her earning capacity is now zero . The wife , as I have said , blames the husband for his attitude towards her working during the marriage . That I have found to be a false case . ... The wife would say she is at a severe disadvantage . I think she overplays her hand . ... I have no doubt that , despite the very adverse publicity in the last 2 years or a little under , the wife does have an earning capacity . She has earned her living since the age of 17 . I have found that her association with the husband advanced , not stultified , her career . " E-mail to a friend	Judge on Heather Mills : Level of premarital wealth "  exaggerated " McCartney gave Mills several hundred thousand dollars each year Judge : Mills ' case "  boils down to ... ` if he has it , I want it too ' "
CNN  -- A man accused of making threatening statements about killing President Obama has been arrested in Nevada , the Secret Service said Saturday . Daniel James Murray was arrested Friday night in the parking lot of the Riverside Resort Hotel and Casino in Laughlin , Nevada , said Secret Service spokesman Malcolm Wiley . Murray recently withdrew $ 85,000 from a bank in St. George , Utah , in two separate visits and told a teller , "  We are on a mission to kill the president of the United States , " according to a criminal complaint filed in federal court in Utah . According to the complaint , Murray opened an account at Zions First National Bank on May 19 with an $ 85,000 check . "  With all this mess going on under President Obama with banks and the economy , I 'm sure if citizens happen to lose their money , they will rise up and we could see killing and deaths , " he said , according to the complaint . On May 27 , he returned to the bank and tried to withdraw $ 12,000 , but lacked proper identification . "  Not to be disrespectful , but if I do n't get this money , someone is going to die , " Murray said , according to the complaint . A bank manager was summoned and Murray was allowed to withdraw the money without proper identification . Murray would not accept a check and demanded bills no larger than $ 50 , the complaint says . "  We are 94 million miles from the sun , and are in-between the sun and moon , and the eagle that flies between them and it 's a giant step for mankind . ... I have traveled thousands of miles to be here and know things that are going to happen . ... the banking system will fail and people will die . ... there will be chaos in the world , " Murray said , according to the complaint . He then made his threat against the president , the complaint says . The next day , Murray returned to the bank , withdrew the rest of his money and closed the account , a bank teller told authorities . CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	Secret Service : Arrested man is accused of threatening to kill president Daniel James Murray was arrested in casino parking lot in Laughlin , Nevada Complaint : He told bank teller in Utah , "  We are on a mission to kill the president "
CNN  -- A lot gets carried in a plane 's cargo hold , but US Airways is still against people , especially those still on the clock . A baggage handler at Reagan National Airport in Washington was found locked in a US Airways plane 's cargo hold before takeoff Monday , said Laura J. Brown with the Federal Aviation Administration . Employees were searching for their co-worker when banging was heard outside the fuselage , she said . While loading a departing flight , the employee watched from inside the cargo hold as a co-worker closed the forward bin door from outside . According to the FAA , within "  a matter of minutes , " a third employee arrived and questioned where the baggage handler was , because the handler also was expected to tug the plane away from the gate . Upon opening his window , the first officer reportedly heard banging coming from inside the plane . The worker was released and went on to operate the tug . The plane departed ahead of schedule . Republic Airlines Flight 3336 , listed as a US Airways flight , had 29 passengers on board and very few checked bags , Brown said . Liz Landau , a spokeswoman for US Airways said , "  The engines never started and  the plane  never left the gate . " It is not uncommon for baggage handlers to enter a cargo hold as part of their job , Landau said . An investigation by US Airways is under way . CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	US Airways worker is trapped in plane 's cargo hold in Washington He is discovered and freed before plane takes off Republic Airlines Flight 3336 not delayed by incident
CNN  -- The Internet can get pretty overwhelming sometimes . If you 're like me , there are days when it feels like you ca n't stay on top of the endless stream of media . It seems impossible to discover the best content in all that noise . But today offers a rare opportunity to slow down . It 's a chance to reflect on 2012 's biggest news events and see some of the best first-person stories , photos and videos that came out of those moments . We 're revealing the 3rd Annual iReport Awards nominees -- 36 examples of citizen journalism at its finest . The nominated stories paint an intimate portrait of the topics and events that dominated the news cycle last year . A 10-year-old boy describes what it 's like to live with autism . Beautiful photographs capture the sense of wonder among a crowd watching a Mars Curiosity rover broadcast . A personal essay recounts the horror of escaping the Aurora , Colorado , movie theater where a mass shooting took place . Journalism has been forever changed -- I 'd argue for the better -- thanks to the fact that people can interact with media organizations and share their opinions , personal stories , and photos and videos of news as it happens . This year 's nominated iReports are prime examples of how participatory storytelling can positively affect the way we cover and understand the news . People around the world posted more than 100,000 stories on CNNiReport.com last year . Out of that , 10,789 were vetted for CNN , which means they were fact-checked and approved to be broadcast on CNN TV or featured on CNN.com . And over the past few months , the iReport team and a panel of CNN producers sorted through all those stories to select 36 nominees in six categories : Breaking News , Original Reporting , Compelling Imagery , Personal Story , Commentary and , new this year , In-depth Storytelling . Finding and curating notable stories is an essential component of iReport 's success . The contributions we approve on a daily basis are backed by CNN reporting , and we love nothing more than helping those stories reach an even wider audience . The iReport Awards -- now in their third year -- give us a chance to celebrate those extraordinary efforts of the citizen journalists who produced them . This year , for the first time ever , we 'll also honor examples of standout citizen journalism and participatory storytelling that happened outside of iReport in a special section we 're calling Excellence on the Web . Those honorees will be revealed along with the iReport Award recipients on May 14 . Just as notable as the stories themselves , though , are the people behind them . While some of the nominees are aspiring journalists or filmmakers , many are regular people who simply felt compelled to share their stories with the world . They include Adele Raemer , an English teacher living along the Gaza Strip , who shared her feelings of fear and frustration after rocket attacks between the Palestinian territories and Israel ended a cease-fire . Her first-person take on the conflict offers more emotion than any news report could . And when the Newtown , Connecticut , school shootings left people all over the U.S. and world struggling to find words to cope with the tragedy , Richard Huffman reacted through action instead . The retired police officer cut up his National Rifle Association membership card on camera , in a simple yet powerful protest . These are just a few of the incredible iReporters nominated in the 3rd Annual Awards . I 'm proud to note that this year 's nominees represent some of the highest-quality stories we 've honored yet , and I look forward to continuing the tradition of celebrating standout citizen journalism in years to come . I hope you 'll take time today to explore the nominated stories . Enjoy the break from the Internet craziness -- I promise it will still be there when you return . How can you participate ? Good question . Go check out the nominees , and make your pick for the Community Choice Award .	We 're proud to reveal the nominees for the 3rd Annual iReport Awards The 36 iReports are examples of top community journalism and participatory storytelling For the first time , CNN will honor the best citizen reporting outside of CNN iReport The recipients of the iReport Awards will be announced on May 14
CNN  -- Barack Obama never really had a chance when dealing with issues of race in America . From the moment he ran for office , critics questioned whether he was "  black enough " or an "  angry black man . " As the first African-American president of the United States , Obama is supposed to prove America is post-racial , be the president of "  all of America " and show a special empathy for African-Americans , all while battling institutional racism but not calling it out . While these debates are largely philosophical and symbolic , the nationwide protests in the wake of the non-indictments of police officers responsible for killing Mike Brown and Eric Garner have shown that race can no longer just be an academic subject for presidents and presidential contenders . The crowds marching across America protesting the ugly intersection of racism , law enforcement and economics are some of the largest , most diverse groups of protesters seen in American history . These issues are going to be laid at the doorstep of all serious 2016 contenders . So while many are grappling with the events of the last several months , we 're left to wonder : Where 's Hillary Clinton ? We all know that , barring some bizarre unforeseen event , Clinton is running for president in 2016 , and it 's only a matter of time before she announces . She will not march smoothly to the nomination ; there are questions about how much she connects with the middle class , her muddled book rollout this spring and of course , for those who still care , "  Benghazi . " But the most serious problem for Hillary 2016 is the perception that she 's an overly cautious politician who is afraid to take tough stances on anything , especially those issues the Democratic base might be passionate about . And nowhere is this more evident than in her almost utter silence on the recent protest marches across the nation . Hillary Clinton took almost 19 days before she said anything about the violence and rioting in Ferguson , Missouri , and that was after Democrats and pundits called her out for her silence . At the time she said : "  Imagine what we would feel and what we would do if white drivers were three times as likely to be searched by police during a traffic stop as black drivers instead of the other way around . If white offenders received prison sentences 10 % longer than black offenders for the same crimes . If a third of all white men -- just look at this room and take one-third -- went to prison during their lifetime . Imagine that . That is the reality in the lives of so many of our fellow Americans in so many of the communities in which they live . " Which was fine , at the time -- better late than never . Mind you , she slipped these comments in at a tech conference where the majority of her comments would focus on other issues . Clinton seemed to have learned her lesson after a New York grand jury did not indict officers in the killing of Eric Garner . She only waited two days to say something about the result : "  Each of us has to grapple with some hard truths about race and justice in America , because despite all the progress we 've made together , African-Americans , most particularly African-American men , are still more likely to be stopped and searched by police , charged with crimes , and sentenced to long prison terms . " But again , these comments were tagged onto a speech she was giving at a women 's conference in Massachusetts and hardly echoed beyond the walls of the building where she was speaking . While Republican 2016 contender Rand Paul can come right out and say police militarization is a problem and that the officer who killed Garner should be fired , Hillary Clinton talks about restoring "  balance . " While former President George W. Bush admits that he found the grand jury decision "  hard to understand , " Clinton is backing limited measures , including police body cameras , contained in Obama 's executive actions resulting from the Ferguson controversy . While Obama is sitting down to do a serious interview about race , law and justice on BET , Clinton is doing events with Prince William and Catherine in New York . The point is that while other political leaders who hope to lead this country can take the time out to seriously address the longest-running protests in American history since the Montgomery bus boycott , Hillary Clinton sandwiches her comments in at the tail end of paid speaking engagements and keeps it moving . That seems a little tone-deaf . And this is n't the first time Clinton has shown this penchant for avoiding thorny cultural and racial issues on the not-quite-yet-campaign trail . She assiduously avoided addressing race in a town hall interview earlier this year on CNN . And one has to wonder if she would 've said anything about the George Zimmerman verdict in the killing of Trayvon Martin if she had n't been giving a speech at the convention of Delta Sigma Theta  a black sorority  the night the verdict came in . She certainly has n't said much about it since . If Clinton thinks she 's being smart by avoiding thorny race issues on the campaign trail , she 's making a huge mistake . Maybe Team Clinton thinks that whatever support she may lose in the African-American vote will be made up for by high turnout among white women . The problem with that logic is that these protests from New York to Chicago to Detroit , to Cleveland , to San Diego , Los Angeles and even St. Louis are incredibly diverse . Take a look at the crowds in Times Square after the Garner verdict and you could see white , Latino , Asian , African-American , old , young and other demonstrators all carrying signs that read "  Black Lives Matter . " A new NBC News/Marist poll shows that 47 % of Americans believe that the justice system applies different standards to blacks and whites . In other words , the people out there marching right now are the Democratic base , with a few independents and libertarians thrown in there for good measure . This is the coalition that Clinton needs to win the presidency , and on the most important issue in decades she 's not only not ' "  ready to lead , " she does n't seem to have much to say , and when she does speak on these issues it 's always as an afterthought to some larger message . America is being wracked by nationwide protests and thousands of Americans of all colors are questioning the fundamental fairness of the American justice system . Boycotts are happening , malls are being shut down and transportation all across America is being affected by protests during the biggest shopping season of the year , because many Americans are unhappy with our justice system . No one expects Clinton to be out in Times Square marching with the #ICantBreathe hashtag plastered across her cheek . But if she decides she wants to be serious about being elected president of the United States , she needs to do more and say more than a few throwaway comments in the midst of her busy speaking and fund-raising schedule . The foot soldiers for Clinton 's political future are out marching in the cold , marching toward the change they want to see in America . Clinton might want to catch up to them , because if she does n't , I 'm sure Rand Paul , Elizabeth Warren or Andrew Cuomo would be happy to do so . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Jason Johnson : Hillary Clinton 's supporters are protesting Ferguson , Garner verdicts He says Clinton 's comments on the issues of police and race have been late , minimal Others , including Rand Paul and Elizabeth Warren , have been more forceful
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama left no doubt about his position on the hottest topic in the world of college football . Florida came out on top over Oklahoma in Thursday night 's BCS championship game . "  We need a playoff , " Obama told reporters after being asked about Florida 's 24-14 victory over Oklahoma in Thursday night 's BCS championship game . "  If I 'm Utah , or if I 'm USC or if I 'm Texas , I might still have some quibbles . " Since its inception in 1998 , the NCAA 's Bowl Championship Series has weathered criticism from nearly all directions . The BCS is the system that chooses the contenders for college football 's most prominent postseason games : the Fiesta , Orange , Rose and Sugar bowls , as well the National Championship game , which this year put Oklahoma against Florida . The BCS relies on a compilation of polls and rankings instead of , to the consternation of many , actual competition . Florida , Oklahoma and Texas all finished the season with one loss . Texas actually handed Oklahoma its one defeat in October on a neutral field . When the BCS computer system put Florida and Oklahoma in this year 's national championship game , the annual back-and-forth over whether to have a college football playoff system was reignited . Utah was the only college football team to finish the season undefeated , but its conference is considered less competitive and therefore was put at a statistical disadvantage in the BCS . Friday was not the first time Obama stated his preference for a playoff system . "  It would add three extra weeks to the season , " Obama said in a "  60 Minutes " interview just after his election . "  You could trim back on the regular season . I do n't know any serious fan of college football who has disagreed with me on this . So , I 'm going to throw my weight around a little bit . I think it 's the right thing to do . " Each year , Republicans and Democrats alike are angered by what they see as inherent unfairness in the BCS arrangement . In 2008 , legislators -- for one reason or another -- drafted legislation to invalidate the BCS on grounds that it misdirects commerce . Watch how a playoff system could change college football " In an April resolution , the House of Representatives formally , if not forcibly , condemned the BCS as "  an illegal restraint of trade that violates the Sherman Anti-Trust Act " and also urged the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division to investigate . Since this resolution , though , no serious action has been pursued . On Thursday , Rep. Joe Barton , R-Texas , reintroduced the College Football Playoff Act of 2008 . The bill , originally introduced December 10 , would "  prohibit , as an unfair and deceptive act or practice , the promotion , marketing , and advertising of any post-season NCAA Division I football game as a national championship game unless such game is the culmination of a fair and equitable playoff system . " If passed , this bill would apply to any game that occurs after January 31 , 2011 . It would be enforceable by the Federal Trade Commission . Barton said Thursday that those watching the championship game are being "  bamboozled . " "  This year 's BCS failure proves once again that it 's time for college football to come up with a fair way to determine its champion , " he said in a statement . "  It does pit two very worthy teams against each other , but can anyone say unequivocally that the winner will be the best team in the country ? " The BCS governing body -- made up of the commissioners from all NCAA Division I-A conferences ; the athletics director from Notre Dame , which is n't affiliated with a conference ; and representatives from each bowl organization -- announced in spring 2008 that the system would be used through at least the 2014 season . Later , ESPN outbid Fox for a four-year television rights deal with the BCS . To begin in 2011 , this contract rests on the understanding that the current system will remain in place . Barton , the ranking Republican in the Energy and Commerce Committee , represents the 6th District of Texas . Two of his co-sponsors , Republican Reps. Michael McCaul and Lamar Smith , represent districts 10 and 21 , respectively -- two of the four districts that collectively represent Austin , home of the University of Texas . Regardless of lawmakers ' personal affiliation with home teams , the official motivation for college football reform is the same as for any similar economic reform : to help the little guy compete . The BCS is composed of eleven conferences . The six traditionally dominant conferences -- the Atlantic Coast , Big East , Big 12 , Big Ten , Pacific 10 and Southeastern -- are guaranteed at least one berth in one of the BCS bowls . Each year , they are awarded $ 18 million , plus $ 4.5 million for each additional team that appears in a bowl game . Meanwhile , only one team from the smaller conferences -- Conference USA , Mid-American , Mountain West , Sun Belt and Western Athletic -- is given this opportunity . For the 2006-07 postseason , an average of $ 25.5 million in revenue was awarded per large conference , while the small conferences averaged $ 5 million each . As the argument goes , the larger postseason earnings provide an advantage -- in athletic recruiting , as well as for each university as a whole -- to the "  power " conferences . This is not the first time lawmakers have voiced their discontent . In 2005 , Barton summoned a BCS official before an Energy and Commerce subcommittee , but legislation did not result . And in 2003 , both the House and Senate Judiciary committees held oversight hearings to examine the BCS system , though the combined result yielded not much more than a sound bite from current Vice President-elect Joe Biden : "  It looks un-American . ... It looks like a rigged deal . "	Florida beat Oklahoma , 24-14 , in Thursday night 's BCS championship game NCAA 's Bowl Championship Series has been accused of unfairness BCS relies on polls and rankings instead of actual competition College Football Playoff Act of 2008 asks for "  fair and equitable playoff system "
CNN  -- The same George Zimmerman defense attorney who drew skepticism over his choice to tell a knock-knock joke during opening statements of his client 's second-degree murder trial is again in an unflattering spotlight -- this time thanks to a family photo and social media . Friday , a photo posted on photo-sharing site Instagram from the account "  mollywestttt " showed a picture of two girls and veteran criminal defense attorney Don West eating generously-sized ice cream cones . A comment below the photo from mollywestttt read : "  We beat stupidity celebration cones , " along with " #zimmerman , " " #defense " and " #dadkilledit . " Zimmerman defense team communications director Shawn Vincent confirmed the photo came from Don West 's 23-year-old daughter , Molly , featured in the photo along with West and another of his four daughters . Vincent said it was a tradition in West 's family to go out for ice cream together . After court let out this week , West and two of his daughters went to get ice cream and took a picture to commemorate it "  like old times . " As negative comments about the sensitivity of the photo picked up steam Friday , Molly West 's account was deactivated later that day . In a statement , West said , "  Sometimes we 're deeply disappointed by the things our children do . But we love them anyway , and we move on . " The photo appears to have been taken Tuesday , and posted sometime later that day or Wednesday . Vincent said he has n't heard from Molly West on what she specifically meant by it . He acknowledges the photo reflects on the defense poorly . "  It does n't reflect how Don feels . And we 're aware that the themes sure this case are very apparently race , self-defense and gun control and we 're aware that none of those things or that debate is going to be resolved in this court room , " Vincent said . "  How we conduct ourselves as we move towards whatever the verdict is going to be , we know reflects on all those issues . This photo is completely contrary to what we 've tried to more than a year on how to conduct ourselves . " Zimmerman is on trial for the 2012 shooting of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin in a case that has drawn widespread attention . Zimmerman , then a neighborhood watch captain , is charged with second-degree murder in the shooting of Martin in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman told police he followed the teenager because there had been some recent break-ins in the area . He says he was forced to shoot Martin during their confrontation in self-defense .	Zimmerman defense attorney Don West used a knock-kock joke in his opening statement A photo posted by one of his daughters shows dad and daughters eating ice cream A comment with the photo said "  We beat stupidity celebration cones , " and " #dadkilledit " West : "  Sometimes we 're deeply disappointed by the things our children do "
CNN  -- What started as the Occupy Wall Street movement in New York in September has spread across major cities worldwide as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth . Here is a roundup of some of the movement 's recent developments . ATLANTA Up to 20 protesters in Atlanta moved to the suburbs Monday , taking up position in a home with a family of five facing foreclosure . Members of Occupy Atlanta will stay in Snellville for 48 hours , according to a group spokesman . Protesters plan to canvass the neighborhood with the family to drum up support to help occupy other homes facing foreclosure , said Tim Franzen . CHICAGO White hair and wheelchairs dotted the crowd in Chicago Monday , as senior citizens and disabled demonstrators joined the Occupy movement to protest cuts in safety net programs . "  At every level of society , Americans are under attack , " said protester Karen Bocker . "  When the economy tanks , social programs are cut , not corporate tax breaks . " Some 1,500 members of the Jane Addams Senior Caucus hit the streets with Occupy Chicago , according to a statement from the group . More than 40 protesters linked arms in a downtown intersection , blocking traffic -- some of them sitting on the pavement -- to protest threats to Social Security , Medicare and Medicaid . Police issued citations to 43 people , who will be required to pay a fine , said Chicago police spokesman Veejay Zala . The demonstrations were peaceful , and there were no reports of injuries , he said . FRESNO , CALIFORNIA Police arrested at least 22 people during the weekend in Fresno , California , in connection to the Occupy Fresno protests , according to demonstrators and the city 's sheriff . An additional protester was taken into custody Monday , according to the Occupy Fresno website . Demonstrators agreed to "  voluntary arrest " as a form of protest , said Sheriff Margaret Mims , and did not resist . "  They staged a good , old-fashioned sit-in , " she said . Protesters arrested Sunday were released the same day , according to a post on Occupy Fresno 's website . PHILADELPHIA A couple that met a month ago , working the information booth at Occupy Philadelphia , married Monday . Alicia "  Ally " Nauss of Philadelphia and Adam Hill of Norristown , Pennsylvania , took their vows at the group 's encampment at Dilworth Plaza next to City Hall , CNN affiliate WPVI reported . "  We work really well together . When you meet somebody like that ... it felt completely natural , " Nauss said . The couple said they 'll spend their honeymoon visiting other Occupy movements along the East Coast . Protesters face a possible showdown with the city over the site of their demonstration . The plaza has been scheduled for a $ 50 million renovation , scheduled to begin this month . There have been negotiations between the city and the demonstrators over alternative sites . TUCSON , ARIZONA Beset by rain and cold , Occupy protesters in Tucson , Arizona , solicited material donations online Monday to help winterize their camp , while lawyers representing the group announced a lawsuit intended to stop arrests . Occupy campers asked the public for waterproof tarps , warm and dry outerwear , sleeping bags , blankets and better tents in an entry on their blog . They included a request for delivery to their location . Also Monday , volunteer attorneys calling themselves the Occupy Tucson Legal Working Group said that they have filed a civil rights suit in federal court , "  and will ask for a temporary restraining order to stop arrests at Veinte De Agosto Park , " where protesters are camped out . The lawyers said they represent 96 local Occupy protesters , who have more than 400 misdemeanor charges against them . CNN 's John Murgatroyd , Ed Payne , Dana Ford and Maria P. White contributed to this report .	Lawyers representing Occupy Arizona announce a lawsuit intended to stop arrests Senior citizens and disabled demonstrators join the movement in Chicago Fresno protesters stage a "  good , old-fashioned sit-in , " the sheriff says A couple who met at Occupy Philadelphia tie the knot
Egypt 's public prosecutor ordered the arrest Saturday of nine men on criminal charges of "  debauchery " after a social media video purporting to show a gay wedding went viral . In a statement , the prosecutor 's office accused the men of "  debauchery " and "  undermining public morals " and ordered a physical examination by a forensic doctor , a common practice in Egypt when arresting homosexuals . While homosexuality is not overtly outlawed in Egypt , gay people can face criminal charges under statutes that broadly claim to protect social "  morality . " The short video that went viral last week appears to have been filmed at a party on a Nile riverboat and appears to show two men in dark suits exchanging rings . The prosecution 's statement described it as a "  satanic ceremony " with images that were "  shameful , regrettable and anger God . " The statement claims the event took place in April , but was only recently posted as an act of revenge against one of the men filmed in the video . In April , four men were sentenced to prison for similar morality charges . In 2001 , Egypt arrested more than 50 men in a raid on a gay nightclub on the Queen riverboat .	Egypt 's public prosecutor ordered the arrest Saturday of 9 men on criminal charges Charges stem from viral video of purported gay wedding Homosexuality is not overtly outlawed in Egypt Gay persons can face charges under broadly interpreted "  morality " statutes
CNN 's Susan Lisovicz sat down with her uncle Lenny Lisovicz , a decorated D-Day veteran , to talk about his experiences at war . CNN 's Susan Lisovicz spoke to her Uncle Lenny about his D-Day and war experiences . HOUSTON , Texas  CNN  -- Decorated D-Day veteran Lenny Lisovicz says the whispers are true . For 65 years my family had heard whispers that he and 220 men stormed Omaha Beach and that he and his captain later went AWOL in Paris , France . They heard he returned to combat and fought all the way to Germany and his courage was rewarded with the prestigious Silver Star . Then -- after that sacrifice and loss -- he was committed to a hospital . On the 65th anniversary of D-Day , Uncle Lenny finally talked at length about everything he had seen and done . And he said it was all true . Nowadays , Uncle Lenny lives a tranquil life . At 91 , he is proud of his garden , where he grows corn , tomatoes and grapefruit . He takes in stray cats , attends Mass and sends money regularly to Catholic missionaries . But his thoughts are never far away from a sliver of sand thousands of miles away . He turned down my offer to visit Normandy . "  I do n't want to see it . I try to rub that out of my mind . It wo n't go away , " he said . But now , he finally agreed to share his memories . Watch Uncle Lenny describe storming the beach " It began with The Longest Day : June 6 , 1944 . My uncle was a 26-year-old lieutenant with the Army 1st Infantry Division , the famed "  Big Red One . " They had been training in England for something big for months . Then , over the loudspeakers in the barracks came the famous declaration from Gen. Dwight Eisenhower : "  You are about to embark on the Great Crusade . " The Germans were taken by surprise in one of the greatest amphibious invasions of all time , which would mark a turning point of the war in Europe . "  I just imagined what that enemy observer felt when he looked through that concrete bunker and looked out at that ocean and all he could see was boats , warships , " Lisovicz said . But the Nazis had a superior position . "  They had you pinpointed . It was just like shootin ' ducks on a pond . Your comrades would get artillery busted . A hand flying here , a leg there , guts laying out on the ground , asking for help and you could n't help them . You had to move . You just had to push them aside , " he recalled . But the Allies could n't push their way onto the cliffs until a massive air assault began . "  At times there were so many planes in the sky you could n't see the sky ... , " Lisovicz said . "  You could see them forming from all directions coming into one pattern . And that 's how we got off the beach , darlin ' . " Their orders were to meet up with the paratroopers , who landed behind enemy lines . My uncle said they found them by smell , because they were all dead . "  They backed them in a corner and machine gunned them down and did n't have enough decency to cover them , " he said . That was when an unwritten order came down : "  No prisoners . And we did n't take any . " It was shortly after this that he decided he had enough . He and the captain went AWOL in Paris . To add insult to injury , they stole the major 's jeep . Their freedom lasted only about a week . "  The MP told us he was going to shoot us for going AWOL . But who cares ? You did n't care anymore , " Lisovicz said . "  You were just fed up with war , fed up with killing , just absolutely fed up . " But they were n't shot -- not by Americans , anyway . My uncle and the captain went back into combat . The captain was killed by a camouflaged tank . My uncle was now the commanding officer . And the fighting was ferocious as he battled his way into Germany . He set trip wires for flares in one pivotal battle . At about 3 a.m. , the flares went off . The Germans had overrun the outer defenses of the platoon . It was chaos . The Silver Star says that he "  skillfully deployed men and weapons into strategic positions and with accurately directed fire , held the foe at bay until supporting troops arrived and repulsed the attack . " But there was more . "  When I looked up I seen a man walking up with two of my comrades . It was a German . So I went after him . And got him and brought my men back , " he said . The Silver Star described it as "  extraordinary gallantry and aggressive leadership . " Only 22 of the 220 men that stormed the beach with him came home alive . That was the last time my uncle saw combat . He had been hit . He learned about his Silver Star in the hospital . He wanted to return , but he was shell-shocked . "  It took them a year and a half of my life for them to straighten me out and get back to civilian life , " he said .	Sixty-five years after D-Day , CNN correspondent 's uncle talks about experience Lenny Lisovicz describes day he and his unit stormed Omaha Beach He says the Nazis "  had you pinpointed . It was just like shootin ' ducks on a pond " Lisovicz was one of 22 , out of 220 men in his group , to return home alive
CNN  -- The search for two missing hikers on Oregon 's Mount Hood has moved from a search operation into a recovery operation , authorities said Wednesday . "  It was our hope that we might get a window today to take a last look , " Clackamas County , Oregon , Sheriff Craig Roberts told reporters . "  Unfortunately , that has n't happened . " Anthony Vietti , 24 ; Luke Gullberg , 26 ; and Katie Nolan , 29 , set out about 1 a.m. Friday on what was to have been a fairly easy "  semi-technical " hike in which they would have descended the south side of the mountain , Sheriff 's Deputy Scott Meyers has said . Gullberg was found dead Saturday from hypothermia . Authorities said Tuesday they were suspending the search , citing the threat of avalanches . Roberts said Wednesday the mountain was experiencing 60 mph winds and the weather is not expected to clear anytime soon . However , the Sheriff 's Office will continue to monitor weather conditions and will launch an organized recovery mission when conditions improve , he said . "  God has given me a peace about Katie , " Nolan 's father , David Nolan , told reporters Wednesday . "  He 's given me strength . " "  I think there needs to be a time of meeting with my family , and we 're going to talk , and we 're going to cry , and we 're going to hug one another , and then we 're going to turn around and praise God that we know Katie is in heaven , " he said . "  We are confident ... she has led a life that 's been exemplary . " "  This has not shaken our faith , " said John Vietti , Anthony Vietti 's father . "  This has strengthened our faith . " On Tuesday , authorities said there was little hope the two would be found alive . "  Could they be alive ? Yes , " said Dr. Terri Schmidt , physician supervisor for American Medical Response in Clackamas County . "  Is it very likely ? No . " A specialist in emergency medicine , Schmidt noted that "  at about 48 hours -- two days -- the chances of finding somebody alive after that go down to about 1 percent . " Operations coordinator Nate Thompson hypothesized that the hikers may have been involved in an accident and that Gullberg , the most experienced of the three , may have broken away from the others and begun to backtrack in an effort to seek help . Above his body rescuers found a water bottle , a helmet , a harness , a camera and camera case and a mitten belonging to Nolan . "  Maybe Katie lost a mitten in an accident , " Thompson said . If Gullberg did indeed seek to return for help and Nolan lost one of her mittens in an accident , he may have left his gear , his pack and his supplies and gloves with her , taking the lone mitten , he said . But descending can be more difficult than climbing in some places . "  If there was some form of an accident and Luke did downclimb , this is a much more difficult descent , " he said . Vietti 's home is Longview , Washington ; Nolan 's is Portland , Oregon . Gullberg was from Des Moines , Washington . Mount Hood rises 11,239 feet above sea level , with a base that stretches across 92 miles  148 km  . It is the highest mountain in Oregon , a dormant volcano with steam constantly spewing from holes , according to the Web site mthood.org .	"  Could they be alive ? Yes , " expert says . "  Is it very likely ? No " Anthony Vietti , Luke Gullberg , Katie Nolan , started hike about 1 a.m. Friday Gullberg was found dead Saturday from hypothermia He may have been trying to get help for others after an accident , searcher says
CNN  -- Documents recovered from Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan show that al Qaeda spoke of attacking President Barack Obama and Gen. David Petraeus , a source familiar with the materials recovered from the compound said Friday . The documents refer to an attack that would destroy the aircraft carrying Obama and Petraeus in the region , the source said , referring to the Afghanistan , Pakistan area . The documents also referred in a more general way to a desire by al Qaeda to attack the president and Petraeus , who was will be departing soon as the U.S. military commander in Afghanistan . A U.S. official , who was not authorized to speak on the record , described the Bin Laden documents as "  him in his brainstorming mode ... hey , I have an idea , what if we did this . " U.S. forces killed bin Laden during a raid on May 2 . They recovered documents and other material during the raid . Petraeus declined to comment , a spokesman said Friday . Another U.S. official said the documents showed bin Laden was interested in attacking the United States on the tenth anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks . According to that official , bin Laden wrote about "  identifying a team of operatives to attack the homeland . " But the official said there was nothing specific and "  it 's unclear his discussions about those operatives were more than discussion . " The first official said overall , the documents indicate "  these were ideas , not fully or even partially planned plots . " Other materials taken from Osama bin Laden 's compound in Pakistan have confirmed that the al Qaeda leader communicated with the Yemen-based group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , according to a third U.S. official , familiar with the ongoing U.S. analysis of the documents . The search through bin Laden 's materials has also found direct evidence that while in hiding in Pakistan , bin Laden was encouraging direct plots to attack Americans and U.S. interests in Europe late last year , according to the U.S. official . There were several threats at the time that led the United States to issue an October 2010 alert for Americans traveling in Europe , the source emphasized . Bin Laden was "  aware , supportive and trying to motivate his operatives in Europe . He was pushing them , " the source said . The U.S. intelligence community had classified information at the time suggesting that bin Laden was involved , the U.S. official said , but the documents taken from the compound have provided confirmation . Officials have previously said bin Laden always placed a top priority on trying to attack Americans .	Documents confirm that Osama bin Laden was pushing for attacks against Americans in Europe The United States killed bin Laden on May 2 Documents recovered from his compound speak of an attack on Obama and Petraeus
CNN  -- A little boy named Jack , adopted from Russia several years ago as a toddler , celebrated Father 's Day this year with his family in my home state of Minnesota . Jack is now 8 . Across the ocean , his little brother Teddy , 5 , did n't even know it was Father 's Day . He simply woke up and lived yet another day of his life in a state orphanage , dreaming of his brother and the parents he met last year , knowing that they are waiting for him in a home somewhere far away . Jack 's parents found out about Teddy too late to adopt the two brothers together . But as soon as they learned about Teddy , they knew they would adopt him , too . They were still in the midst of a drawn-out , three-year process to adopt Teddy when on December 28 , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law a ban on all American adoptions of Russian orphans . The news of the ban devastated hundreds of children and families like Jack and Teddy 's . Dozens of families were only days or weeks away from flying to Russia for the final court date that would have allowed them to bring their child home . Many of these families have shown me pictures of these children they already love so much . These are children who have known only the life of an orphanage since birth and whose disabilities make it unlikely that Russian families will adopt them . These orphans now sit and wait , clinging to photos of their American parents , asking when their mama and papa will come for them . According to the United Nations Children 's Fund , 740,000 children live in Russia without parental care . The Russian Ministry of Science and Education estimates that 110,000 of these children live in state orphanages . In contrast , only 7,400 domestic adoptions took place in Russia in 2011 , with an additional 3,400 adoptions of Russian children by families from abroad . These numbers are tragic . For an orphan , there is no substitute for a family . Not even the best orphanage can provide a child what a loving mother and father can . Staff , not parents , run orphanages . And despite any government 's best intentions , hunger , neglect , extreme heat and cold and other forms of deprivation are common features of institutional life . But even more crushing is the lack of security , connection and deep emotional bonds that can grow only within a family . Children who grow up in orphanages tell stories of never having heard the words "  I love you " and never receiving a single spontaneous hug throughout their childhood . A government can pay someone to wash and feed children , but it can not pay someone to love them . Children with disabilities face an even bleaker fate . For a host of reasons , children with disabilities are rarely if ever adopted in Russia and elsewhere . Because of the harsh realities of institutional life -- limited staff ; scant resources for food , utilities and other needs ; little to no medical care -- a large percentage of orphans with disabilities do not even survive childhood . This means that for children with Down syndrome , cerebral palsy , blindness , deafness or other disabilities , being adopted by an American family may be the only chance they will have not only to receive specialized therapy and life-saving medical care but to know the unconditional love , acceptance and joy of being a cherished member of something special called family . It is these orphaned children -- the weakest of the most vulnerable -- whom the Russian adoption ban has punished . In June , I traveled to Russia with a bipartisan congressional delegation , taking part in meetings related to national security in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombings . We also made it a point to reiterate our profound hope that the Russian government will reconsider the adoption ban , and at the very least , allow for the completion of the cases for the children and families who were near the end of the adoption process . I emphasized in these meetings our desire to provide whatever post-placement reports and information might be necessary to provide the Russian government their desired assurances of the well-being of adopted children . I 've also introduced a bipartisan resolution emphasizing much of the above , and most importantly calling on Russia to remember that every child deserves to be in a loving , protective and permanent family . I am confident that House leadership will move this legislation forward and that President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry will proactively reaffirm our commitment to building a better future for every child in desperate need of a family . Even in the complicated tides of modern political life , the weakest and most vulnerable members of society must never be forgotten or cast aside . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michele Bachmann .	Michele Bachmann : Russia should lift its ban on American adoptions of Russian orphans Bachmann : For an orphan , there is no substitute for a family and parental love She says Russia 's ban is punishing the weakest of the most vulnerable of its society Bachmann : I 've introduced a bipartisan resolution urging Russia to reconsider ban
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Los Angeles ' Interstate 405 will reopen as soon as 11:30 a.m.  2:30 p.m. ET  Sunday , more than 17 hours ahead of schedule , Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said Sunday . The freeway has been closed since Friday night to allow crews to demolish a section of bridge to make way for a car pool lane . The anticipated gloom and doom did n't produce gridlock . In fact , rather heavenly highway conditions were reported despite the closing of the major freeway for an expansion project . Southern California residents were heeding an unprecedented local public awareness campaign urging drivers to stay home while Interstate 405 was closed in the heart of the city , the nation 's second-largest . But officials still were n't taking chances early in the weekend . "  So far , so good , " California Department of Transportation spokeswoman Judy Gish told CNN early Saturday afternoon . She acknowledged Californians have now coined a new word to replace the "  Carmageddon " buzzword . "  Carmaheaven , I 've heard that , " Gish said . "  Well , you know , I think what 's important to address is if people start driving as usual , we will have Carmaggedon . "  It 's been relatively light because people have been listening to the message , and they are not out on the road . We want to make sure they do n't get complacent and say , ` There 's nothing to get alarmed about and I may as well go out . ' And if they do , we may see those delays that we warned them about , " Gish said . Traffic was also unusually light on Pacific Coast Highway , a recommended alternative route for motorists traveling to Los Angeles International Airport . And parking lots at Santa Monica Beach , typically packed on a sunny Saturday , were relatively empty . The closure of the 405 is being deemed such a potentially calamitous event that locals called it "  Carmaggedon . " That 's because southern California is notorious for its love affair with the car and its reluctance to embrace public transportation . One of the busiest freeways in the country , the 405 is one of two mountain passes in the heart of Los Angeles and is the major coastal artery connecting southern California with the rest of the state . "  We are the car capital of the United States of America and the single-passenger-car capital , " Villaraigosa told CNN . A 10-mile stretch of 10-lane I-405 closed for the demolition of a bridge section made for a surreal scene overnight -- a stretch of freeway without any traffic . It is expected to remain that way for about 53 hours . Crews closed ramps late Friday on the 405 , where it passes over the Santa Monica Mountains , California Department of Transportation officials said . The $ 1.2 billion construction project calls for replacing a portion of a bridge at Mulholland Drive , a mountain summit road that is featured in many Hollywood films , authorities said . A year from now , crews will have to shut down the 405 again to replace a final portion of the Mulholland Drive bridge , officials said . Villaraigosa said officials carried out "  an unprecedented " campaign urging motorists to stay put or use public transportation . "  It does n't have to be ` Carmageddon . ' That 's why we have done so much outreach to the public , " the mayor said . The weekend construction project should be completed by 5 a.m. Monday to accommodate the morning rush hour , officials said . The project also calls for adding a car-pool lane in each direction , creating "  the largest HOV system in the world " at 48.6 miles in length between the San Fernando Valley and Orange County , said Mike Miles , the California Department of Transportation 's director for Los Angeles and Ventura counties . The two-year project will replace two more bridges , also to accommodate the widening of the 405 , and will improve about two dozen on-off ramps and add 18 miles of sound-deadening walls for nearby residents , Miles said . "  This is a big project that is much needed , and it will be a great benefit to the public , " Miles said . The 405 is usually one of the busiest freeways in the country , carrying about 500,000 cars a day through the Sepulveda Pass , a critical artery connecting Californians along the coast . The 405 achieved notoriety on national television as the corridor that former NFL player O.J. Simpson used as he was being slowly chased by police in 1994 . The highway also cuts through the west side of Los Angeles , an area that includes the high-status communities of Bel Air , Brentwood , Beverly Hills and Santa Monica . The four-mile southbound section is closed between U.S. 101 and Getty Center Drive ramps . The 10-mile northbound section is closed between U.S. 101 and Interstate 10 . Los Angeles International Airport is urging travelers to get there by public transit , especially rail , or to stay at nearby hotels for early morning flights . There is an app , or several , for "  Carmageddon . " KABC has partnered with Waze , the mobile social traffic and navigation app , to help navigate the traffic . "  The app provides free turn-by-turn GPS navigation based on the live conditions of the road , " the station said . Celebrities are even tweeting -- cheekily -- about this weekend 's affront to the Los Angeles driving experience . Twitter titan and actor Ashton Kutcher has gotten into the act : "  LAPD askd me 2tweet : 405fwy btwn 10 & 101 will b closed July16-17 . In xchange I would like a free pass on that stoplight tickt IT WAS YELLOW . " When shown a copy of the tweet while he was being interviewed on CNN , the mayor laughed about the request to fix the ticket . "  No , thank you , Ashton , " Villaraigosa said . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki and Zohreen Adamjee contributed to this report .	NEW : Interstate 405 expected to open ahead of schedule , Villaraigosa says Traffic is relatively light on Los Angeles ' freeways Interstate 405 in Los Angeles carries about 500,000 cars a day It 's one of two major mountain highway passes in the heart of the nation 's second-largest city
EW.com  -- "  The Avengers " officially begins filming today , according to a letter posted yesterday by writer-director Joss Whedon at Whedonesque . "  Tomorrow we start shooting , " writes the geek auteur , before adding , "  I THINK I 'm legally permitted to say that . " Whedon does n't offer any hints about the plot of the movie , although he does say that they 'll be shooting "  the pivotal death/betrayal/product placement/setting up the sequel/coming out scene , " which is probably a joke , but a boy can dream , ca n't he ?  Elsewhere in the letter , Whedon says that he 's pretty sure the movie is about the Justice League . "  The Avengers , " currently slated for a May 4 release next year , will unite the lead characters from Marvel 's "  Iron Man , " "  Captain America , " "  Hulk , " and "  Thor " into one mega-adventure .  And remember : If everything goes according to plan , "  The Avengers " will also inspire a few franchises of its own . See full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2010 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Tomorrow we start shooting , " the geek auteur posted Monday "  The Avengers " is currently slated for a May 4 release next year It will unite the lead characters from "  Iron Man , " "  Captain America , " "  Hulk " and "  Thor "
CNN  -- Like a combination of disinfectant and vomit . That 's how a passenger on board a Royal Caribbean cruise described the ship 's smell after hundreds of people fell ill . Shannon Blace went on the trip with her fiance and 10 other friends and family members . Of the 12 , nine got sick , she said . One of the women in her group got sick twice . In total , 595 of the 3,050 passengers and 50 of 1,165 crew members have become ill , according to Bernadette Burden , a spokeswoman with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . They reported vomiting and diarrhea . The cause of the illness is not clear , though the symptoms are consistent with norovirus , the cruise line said . Noroviruses spread easily and are a common cause of gastroenteritis , which produces vomiting and diarrhea . Because of the outbreak , Royal Caribbean cut its 10-day cruise short . Explorer of the Seas left from Cape Liberty , New Jersey . It will return Wednesday , two days early . "  The number of reported new cases of gastrointestinal illness has dropped sharply after a spike in the first days of the cruise , and most guests who fell ill are up and about , " the cruise line said in a Monday statement . "  The drop in new cases is encouraging . However , it is not unusual in an outbreak to still have smaller , secondary spikes . That is why , after discussions with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and our medical team , we decided the most prudent course for the health of our guests and crew was to bring the cruise home on Wednesday , two days earlier than planned . " The company said all passengers would get a 50 % refund of their fare . All guests will also get a 50 % future cruise credit . Explorer of the Seas departed Cape Liberty on January 21 . It was scheduled to call to Labadee , Haiti ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Charlotte Amalie , St. Thomas ; and Philipsburg , St. Maarten . It missed her port calls in Haiti and St. Maarten . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	595 passengers and 50 crew members report being ill , CDC spokeswoman says Cause is not clear , though symptoms are consistent with norovirus Explorer of the Seas will return to its home port Wednesday , or two days early
CNN  -- If you 're still querying any economic freeze between Russia and the West , digest this line from VTB bank the day Europe 's sanctions took effect : The European Union "  have gone against their own interests to do the bidding of their senior colleagues from across the ocean , " the Russian financial giant said . That 's a publicly-traded , Western-style bank bluntly calling European governments lapdogs of the U.S. It 's not a statement likely to win Western business in the future . To be clear , these sanctions could never have been agreed by the divided , 28-nation bloc if 298 people had not been blown out of the sky over Ukraine . This is an unparalleled precedent set by the EU , a group that hardly ever agrees on anything of substance . It has now taken steps that will harm its own economy in order to stand up to Russia . The sanctions are tough , but have holes . France , for example , can still deliver a pre-paid Mistral-class warship to Russia . And the European branches of Russia 's big banks can still operate as normal . But European companies are suffering . Adidas is closing stores in Russia in anticipation of deteriorating sales . Volkswagen and Renault have already noted a slowdown that pre-dates the sanctions . Industrial and engineering giant Siemens has said it sees a "  serious risk " to European growth as a result of the sanctions . These companies are not complaining and are not taking sides . They are doing due diligence and telling their shareholders the rules have changed and they expect an adverse impact . In London , there is debate as to whether the city will suffer . Luxury homes , car sales , art and wine investment , private school enrollment and football teams have all benefited from Russian investments . I believe the city could see upside . The Financial Times has reported the numbers of Russians putting their children into posh private schools is soaring . The Times has reported oligarchs are contemplating suing the EU or the individual governments to remove them from sanctions lists , and the best place for that is London 's High Court . Such cases will generate significant fees for London 's lawyers and public relations firms . However , Russian firms contemplating listing on the London Stock Exchange may pause , out of caution investors could shy away . I do wonder if changing sentiment will generate the most long-term pain between Europe and Russia . More sectors could be hit as financiers fear future sanctions and retaliation from Moscow , deals could dry up and finance could flee . That , in turn , could put a chill on European firms doing deals in Russia even if they are is not impacted by sanctions . An economic cold wind , if not war , is certainly blowing through the financial capitals of Europe . Read more : Europe hits Russia 's biggest banks	The European Union introduced a new round of sanctions against Russia this week Jim Boulden says MH17 disaster forced the EU to reach agreement on the sanctions EU has now taken steps that will harm its own economy in order to stand up to Russia , he writes
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A new national poll suggests most Americans favor an economic stimulus package even if it comes with an $ 800 billion price tag , although that support does n't indicate the public wants to see a new era of big government . Two-thirds of people polled think Present-elect Barack Obama 's stimulus package will help the economy . Fifty-six percent of those questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. survey released Tuesday said they favor the stimulus package that President-elect Barack Obama is proposing ; 42 percent were opposed . Obama is pushing Congress to pass the plan soon after he 's inaugurated on January 20 , to help jump-start an economy mired in a deep recession . The poll also indicates that two-thirds of the public thinks the stimulus package will do just that , with 17 percent saying it will help the economy a lot and another 50 percent feeling that it will help the economy somewhat . Twenty-one percent say the stimulus package wo n't help the economy very much and 10 percent say it wo n't help at all . But Americans seem to be split on whether they 'd like more government regulation of business and industry , with 39 percent saying there 's too much government regulation and an equal amount saying too little . Twenty percent said the amount of government involvement is just right . Watch why most Americans back the bailout " "  Attitudes toward government have not changed since 2006 , when the economy was still in pretty good shape , " said CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . "  Most still say the government is doing too much that should be left to individuals and businesses , and trust in government is still low . " On the other hand , he said , "  with the economy in such poor shape , government action to stimulate the economy seems to get an exemption to the general concerns about big government . " There also appears to be a divide between the parties when it comes to government involvement . "  Six in 10 Democrats want to see the federal government do more , " Holland said . "  But three-quarters of Republicans would like to see a smaller government . The tiebreaker is independents . A majority of the independents polled say that government is doing too much that should be left to individuals and businesses . " The poll also suggests that a declining number of Americans trust the government to do what 's right . iReport.com : What should Obama do first ? Twenty-two percent of those polled said they trust the government to do what 's right most of the time . That 's down 6 points from when the question was asked two years ago . Sixty-six percent said they trust the government some of the time , and 9 percent said they never trust Washington . On the opposite end of the spectrum , 3 percent said they can always trust the government to do the right thing . The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll was conducted Friday through Sunday , with 1,013 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .	CNN/Opinion Research Corp. finds 56 percent of people favor stimulus plan Numbers are more evenly split about government regulation of business More Democrats want the government to help more with economic woes Two-thirds of those polled thought Obama stimulus package would help economy
CNN  -- Rescuers hoping to find two hikers missing on the frigid slopes of Oregon 's Mount Hood faced worsening weather conditions Monday night as forecasters predicted white-out conditions that could severely hinder search efforts . "  Starting tonight and through tomorrow , it 's going to be windy , and white-out conditions are going to be highly likely , " said Scott Weishaar of the National Weather Service . Up to 2 feet of snow is expected to fall Monday night into Tuesday at the elevation where rescuers are searching for any signs of Anthony Vietti , 24 , and Katie Nolan , 29 , who have been missing since early Friday . A third hiker who was with them , 26-year-old Luke Gullberg , was found dead Saturday . A state deputy medical examiner said Monday that the cause was hypothermia , CNN affiliate KGW reported . Rescue crews took advantage of a brief break in the weather Monday afternoon to search previously unreachable higher elevations of the mountain . "  Unfortunately , we did not detect anything out of the ordinary as far as gear or people , " searcher Monte Smith told reporters . "  With increasing snowfall coming down , it 's going to make everything that much harder . " Weishaar said another series of storms Wednesday will dump another 10 inches to 18 inches of snow in the area , with temperatures in the low - to mid-20s . Snow was expected to start falling at 5 p.m. PT  8 p.m. ET  . "  We only have today . We know we only have today , " said Vietti 's aunt , Teri Preiss . Rescuers said they were putting no time limit on their efforts , and would do all they could despite the grim forecast . "  This remains a search and rescue mission , " Clackamas County Detective Jim Strovink told an afternoon news conference . "  We have two experienced climbers who were well-equipped . We have an obligation to continue on and that 's what we 're going to do . We owe that to the family and we owe that to the climbers . " Search crews will meet Tuesday morning to assess weather conditions and determine how to proceed , the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office said after ending search efforts for the day Monday . Ground efforts have been severely hampered by avalanche conditions , which kept rescuers from accessing the parts of the mountain they wanted to reach early Monday morning . The avalanche threat also thwarted ground searches Sunday , authorities said . Searchers were also examining high-resolution photographs taken by aerial surveillance teams , hoping to find any sign of life . Capt. Chris Bernard of the U.S. Air Force 304th Rescue Squadron said infrared devices are being used as well . If the hikers have gone into a snow cave and have an air vent , the devices could pick up a heat signature , he said . When the three hikers set out at about 1 a.m. Friday  4 a.m. ET  , they were planning a fairly easy , "  semi-technical " hike in which they would come down the south side of the mountain , said Deputy Scott Meyers of the Clackamas County Sheriff 's Office . Preiss said pictures show "  it was a perfect climbing day , absolutely clear . " The three hikers sent out a message in advance saying that conditions were "  absolutely perfect " and that they would be back by late afternoon , she said . "  These kids loved , loved climbing . All three of them . They climbed together often . They climbed hard mountains together before . And they did it successfully and well . And they were careful climbers , " Preiss said . Dr. Christopher Young with the state medical examiner 's office said Gullberg had suffered minor injuries -- cuts , scrapes and bruises -- apparently caused by a fall , KGW reported . Investigators believe the 26-year-old was able to move himself after falling an unknown distance . "  Accidents can happen -- and it happened here , " Preiss said , describing Gullberg as a "  passionate young man " who was very well-prepared for all his hikes . David Vahey , a family friend of the Viettis , said , "  We know that they , all three , loved hiking and they all three loved Jesus . And we just want to ask for prayer . " The three hikers are from the Pacific Northwest . Vietti 's home is Longview , Washington ; Nolan 's is Portland , Oregon . Gullberg was from Des Moines , Washington . Gullberg 's MySpace page is filled with photos of him hiking in various places . A friend wrote Saturday on the page , "  I love you dude and miss you . " His grandmother , Marjorie Gullberg , said she will miss his smile . "  He was just like my son . He did everything for me , " CNN affiliate KPTV quoted her saying . Dennis Simons , a chaplain for the fire and police departments in the city of Sandy , Oregon , spent time with the families of all three on Sunday . "  They 're grieving and hoping . There are thousands of people around the world praying that Katie and Anthony will be found alive , " he told reporters , holding back tears . The mountain rises 11,239 feet above sea level , with a vast base that stretches over 92 miles  148 km  . It is the highest mountain in Oregon . Mount Hood is a dormant volcano with steam constantly spewing from holes , according to the Web site mthood.info . Gullberg 's death is the latest of many accidents on Mount Hood , KPTV reported . The worst occurred in May 1986 when nine people , including seven students from Oregon Episcopal School , died after they dug a snow cave during a sudden storm .	"  This remains a search and rescue mission , " Clackamas County detective says White-out conditions are expected , Weather Service says Avalanche conditions hamper search on Oregon 's Mount Hood for two hikers Third climber found dead over weekend
CNN  -- Rockets from Gaza came down in Israel overnight , according to the Israeli military . This comes on the heels of a cease-fire announcement Hamas made toward the Jewish state late Wednesday local time . Nine rockets were fired from Gaza , eight of which landed "  in open areas , " an Israeli military spokesman said . "  The ninth has been intercepted by the ` Iron Dome ' over Ashkalon . No one was injured . " "  Iron Dome " refers to an Israeli missile defense system . On its website , Hamas ' military wing , Izzedine al Qassam , acknowledged firing eight rockets just before midnight Wednesday at an Israeli military base as a retaliatory measure . Another independent militant group admitted to firing one rocket into Israel at 12:45 a.m. Thursday  5:45 p.m. Eastern time Wednesday  , also citing retaliation . Gaza has remained quiet since the rockets were fired , but Israeli aircraft can be heard flying overhead , a CNN producer in Gaza said . The Palestinian group Hamas said in a statement posted before late Wednesday that its military wing has agreed to an Egyptian-brokered cease-fire with Israel following a sharp increase in violence between the two sides . Hamas -- which controls the Palestinian territory of Gaza -- said it would observe the cease-fire as long as Israel remained committed to the agreement . There was no immediate response to the cease-fire announcement from Israel , which said more than 75 rockets had been fired into its territory from Gaza in the three days prior to the announcement . Eight Palestinians and one Israeli died between Sunday and Tuesday in a spate of rocket attacks and Israeli airstrikes , officials on both sides reported ; Israel also said a Palestinian child was killed when a rocket launch attempt by militants backfired . Israeli warplanes struck two targets in Gaza on Tuesday in response to the rocket fire , the Israeli military said . Hamas security sources told CNN the strikes targeted a site used to train Palestinian militants to launch rockets as well as another training facility run by the Izzedine al-Qassam Brigades with two people injured . "  We stress that our confrontation with the Zionist enemy in this round was in its minimum in fire and counterattacks , " the brigades said in a statement announcing the deal . It said the agreement includes "  all other resistance factions " operating from Gaza , which has been under Hamas control since 2007 . Israel says nearly 300 rockets have been fired into its territory from Gaza since the beginning of 2012 . CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Rockets from Gaza came down in Israel overnight , Israeli military says Hamas announced a cease-fire late Wednesday The truce follows three days of rocket attacks and airstrikes There was no immediate response from Israel to Hamas ' announcement
CNN  -- New sprint sensation Christophe Lemaitre became the first Frenchman to win three gold medals at a major athletics event on Sunday as his country finished second in the table behind Russia at the European Championships . Lemaitre , the first white man to break the 10-second barrier over 100 meters last month , helped his 4x100m relay team to triumph in Barcelona and add to the 20-year-old 's double in the individual sprints . Martial Mbandjock , who had earlier won two bronzes behind his teammate , snatched victory on the final leg as Italy were beaten back into second with Germany third . France 's women 's 4x100m team finished second behind shock winners Ukraine , who set the fastest time this year of 42.29 seconds . Poland denied the favored Russians a medal , but their larger neighbors won both the men 's and women 's 4x400m relay events as they finished with a total of 10 golds and 24 podium placings -- six more than France . Distance double for Britain 's Farah Mahiedine Mekhissi-Benabbad and Bouabdallah Tahri gave France a 1-2 in the men 's 3000m steeplechase as Spain 's Jose Luis Blanco took bronze . The hosts ended the competition in sixth place with two golds and eight medals overall after Nuria Fernandez and Natalia Rodriguez finished first and second in the women 's 1,500 m ahead of third-placed French runner Hind Dehiba , while Russian favorite Anna Alminova was back in sixth . Alemitu Bekele denied Turkey teammate Elvan Abeylegesse a 5,000m-10 ,000 m double after passing the tiring former world record-holder on the home straight in the shorter distance , with Portugal 's Sara Moreira third . Sprint double for Lemaitre In the women 's high jump , Croatia 's two-time world champion Blanka Vlasic won with a late leap of 2.03 m to head off Sweden 's Emma Green and Germany 's Ariane Friedrich . Germany 's Christian Reif won the men 's long jump with this year 's leading mark of 8.47 m to comfortably beat France 's Kafetien Gomis and Britain 's Chris Tomlinson . The British team finished third overall with six golds and 19 medals in total , a record for the team , after also taking silver in the men 's 4x400m and bronze in the women 's event . Lemaitre claims 100m gold in Barcelona Poland 's Piotr Malachowski won the men 's discus from Germany 's Robert Harting and Robert Fazekas of Hungary , while Switzerland finally won a medal after Victor Rothlin won the men 's marathon in a time of two hours and 15.31 minutes to comfortably head off Spain 's Chema Martinez and Russia 's Dmitriy Safronov . This is the last time that the event will be held every four years , with the next staging in Finland to start a biennial cycle -- ending just 26 days before the start of the 2012 Olympics in London .	Russia finish top of medals table at European Athletics Championships in Barcelona Russians win 10 golds and 24 medals overall to head off France and Britain Sprinter Christophe Lemaitre becomes first Frenchman to win three golds at major event The 20-year-old helps his team win men 's 4x100m relay from Italy
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn is back -- and she means business . The 29-year-old has not competed since suffering a knee injury in February and looked doubtful to ski again this year after tearing a knee ligament last month . Vonn was airlifted to a hospital in February after landing heavily on the opening day of the Alpine Ski World Championships in Austria . She underwent surgery for knee reconstruction . But following training runs on Wednesday and Thursday at Canada 's Lake Louise course , she is aiming to get back in the groove this weekend ahead of February 's Winter Olympics . "  You know if your body is ready or not and I know that mine is ready , " she told reporters . "  Normally this is the first downhill of the year , so for me this feels like a normal beginning of the season . It feels pretty awesome . " Vonn , who won the World Cup overall titles in 2008 , 2009 , 2010 and 2012 , is three race victories shy of matching the record of 62 set by Austria 's Annemarie Moser-Proell . She has won 14 times at Lake Louise , including a sweep of all three race titles in each of the past two years . The downhill races are scheduled to take place on Friday and Saturday with the Super-G on Sunday . "  My goal yesterday was to ski solid and to ski my race line and I did that , " she added . "  I knew that if I could accomplish all those things in one run , then I do n't need a second run . It 's the smart choice for me to not ski today in order to prepare for tomorrow . "  Lake Louise has always been really good to me and that 's why I really wanted to come back here . " With Sochi on the horizon , Vonn knows she must avoid any more injuries if she is to defend her Olympic downhill title in Russia . There she will aim to emulate the feat of fellow American , Picabo Street , who came back the season after reconstructive surgery to win gold at Nagano in 1998 . But the U.S. star has played down her chances of success -- instead focusing on ensuring she copes with her troublesome knee problem must be the priority . "  I 'm just going to try to make sure things are good with my knee and build confidence every day , " Vonn added . "  Right now , I 'm just going to focus on this particular moment . "  Sochi is quite a ways away . I 'm going to just stay focused on my knee and try to get my confidence back . "	Lindsey Vonn aiming to return at Lake Louise on Friday U.S. star has been sidelined with a knee injury since February The 29-year-old is preparing to compete at Winter Olympics in Sochi Vonn has won a record 14 times at Canadian venue
A law enforcement officer 's quick decision is once again being put under a microscope . On Monday , Cleveland police said officers fatally shot 12-year-old Tamir Rice as the youth reached for an air pistol in his waist . Chief Calvin Williams said the air pistol was "  indistinguishable from a real firearm . " An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed , police said . "  Our officers at times are required to make critical decisions in a split second , " Williams said at a news conference "  Unfortunately , this was one of those times . " The incident comes as the nation nervously awaits a grand jury decision on whether to charge the police officer who killed African-American teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , in August . But Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson said events in Ferguson do n't concern him . "  Ferguson being out there or not being out there does n't matter , " the mayor said at the news conference . "  This is about the fact that a young boy was shot and killed in Cleveland . " The attorney for the family of the Cleveland youngster , who also was black , downplayed any possible racial connotations to the shooting . Police have not disclosed the race of the officer who shot Tamir . "  This is not a black and white issue . This is a right and wrong issue , " attorney Tim Kucharski said . Deputy Chief Ed Tomba said video showing the Saturday shooting exists , but he did n't say where the video comes from . He said representatives for Rice 's family have viewed the video and the family will decide later whether to look at it . Tomba said the video is not available for journalists now because it 's part of an active investigation , which the department plans to complete in 90 days and send to the district attorney . ` There 's a guy in there with a pistol ' The incident began Saturday when police were summoned to a city recreation center by a 911 caller who said someone -- possibly a juvenile -- was pointing "  a pistol " at people . "  There 's a guy in there with a pistol , you know , it 's probably fake , but he 's like pointing it at everybody , " the caller said . "  He 's sitting on a swing right now , but he 's pulling it in and out of his pants and pointing it at people , " the caller said . "  He 's probably a juvenile , you know ? " Police said it 's not clear if the responding officers received the information about the age of the suspect or the gun being "  probably fake . " When the two officers arrived , the boy did not point the air gun at them or otherwise threaten them , Tomba told reporters Sunday . But he did reach for the air gun , Tomba said . "  The officers ordered him to stop and to show his hands , and he went into his waistband and pulled out the weapon , " he said . Tamir died early Sunday at MetroHealth Medical Center after surgery , according to the hospital and the family 's attorney . Tomba showed reporters the air gun the boy was said to be reaching for -- a large , black BB - or pellet-type replica gun resembling a semiautomatic pistol . An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed , police said . On Monday , Williams said that the "  facsimile weapon in this incident was indistinguishable from a real firearm . " Both officers have been placed on leave , police said . The head of the police union said the officers followed protocols . "  As they approached the male , they are screaming at him , ` Put your hands up , put your hands up ' -- they do n't want his hands to go anywhere down by the waistband , " Cleveland Police Patrolman 's Association President Jeff Follmer told CNN affiliate WJW . "  I can tell you the officer that fired had no clue that he was 12 , he just thought it was an older male . There was more concentration on his hands because we are taught in the academy that hands will kill you , " Follmer told the station . ` It was a child ' Residents reacted angrily . "  It was n't a dog . It was a child . You did n't give him a chance . You just killed him , " one man told CNN affiliate WEWS . Someone claiming to represent the online activist group Anonymous claimed in a YouTube video to have taken down the city 's website , blaming the shooting on what the speaker said was "  an overzealous rookie officer " who resorted too quickly to lethal force . "  Officers are equipped with many nonlethal options such as Taser guns , " the speaker said . "  Why did he not use a Taser on this child ? Shooting him in cold blood was not necessary with these nonlethal options available . " However , Follmer said officers had no way to know the air gun was n't a real firearm . "  You feel bad , after the fact , that it was a 12-year-old , " he said . "  Nobody wants to shoot a 12-year-old , especially when they are holding a fake gun . But that 's not the perception the officers had at that time . " Chief Williams said parents need to teach children that "  guns are not toys , " whether they 're real or fake . Police shootings of African-Americans , particularly young men , have been under rising scrutiny in recent months after Brown 's shooting following a brief confrontation in Ferguson . A grand jury there is expected to soon make a decision whether Officer Darren Wilson should face criminal charges in that incident , which resulted in widespread protests over police violence against African-Americans .	An orange tip indicating the gun was not a real firearm had been removed , police said Deputy chief says police have surveillance video of the shooting Officer who fired fatal shots "  had no clue " Tamir Rice was 12 , union official says "  You did n't give him a chance , " an angry resident says of the shooting
Washington  CNN  -- A law enforcement official confirms members of the Westboro Baptist Church , known for its controversial practice of picketing military funerals , participated in training for law enforcement officials at Quantico Marine Base in Virginia . The sessions were discontinued this spring after Tom Browne , assistant director for the FBI , voiced strong opposition to bringing the group to a military facility . Members of Westboro were "  respectful " when they were on the base and did not cause any disruption , according to the official . He adds , "  It was n't the purpose to give them another outlet to vent their views . It was more academic . " The story about staff training sessions between the FBI and Westboro Baptist Church members was first reported by NPR News on Wednesday . Other controversial groups , including the Ku Klux Klan , have taken part in similar training sessions . The purpose , according to the official , is "  to expose law enforcement to these groups , see what they are about , and understand their perspective . " In addition , the official says , the groups have a chance to hear law enforcement 's point of view in a classroom setting . "  We are not endorsing these groups at all , " said the official . "  The reality is there are groups out there who are making presence known who the police have to encounter . " "  They still have First Amendment protections just like anyone else , " the official added , but police may have to mitigate a situation where there is a potential for violence . The official maintained that understanding who these groups are and what they believe can help law enforcement . "  It is an effort to engage in open dialogue in a setting that is more academic , rather than having to do it on a street in a peacekeeping kind of scenario . " FBI and law enforcement officials participated in three sessions at Quantico between 2008 and spring of 2011 . There was a fourth session at a facility in Manassas , Virginia , before a halt was called to Westboro 's involvement .	Westboro members participated in training sessions with the FBI An official said the purpose was to expose agents to groups in an academic setting "  We are not endorsing these groups at all , " said the official
Cairo  CNN  -- The legitimacy of Egypt 's military-backed government is being put to the test as the country voted on a new constitution after years of political turmoil and deadly violence . The result of the referendum wo n't be announced for another few days . But there 's little doubt it will be approved by a landslide , since opposition has largely been silenced through intimidation and arrests . After two days of voting , polls closed at 9 p.m.  2 p.m. ET  Wednesday , state TV reported , showing images of clear plastic bins being sealed with zip-ties . The question is whether the voter turnout will be high enough to bolster the government that took power after the military ousted former Muslim Brotherhood leader Mohamed Morsy from the presidency last year . A strong participation would translate into support for Gen. Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the military chief behind the coup and interim government . If the draft constitution is passed , elections are expected to follow . Some predict el-Sisi will run for president . Observers are watching to see if participation is above 33 % . That 's the percentage of voters who turned out for the former Islamist-backed constitution . Military rule popular with Egyptians , study finds Violence on Day 1 Egyptian security forces arrested 125 people on the second day of voting , the official news agency MENA reported . They were arrested for rioting and trying to obstruct the electoral process , MENA said . The first day of polling was already marred by outbreaks of unrest . The Ministry of Health said nine people died Tuesday in violence related to the referendum . Clashes were reported in several provinces . At least four were killed in Sohag and one in Beni Seouif in clashes between supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood and security . Violations reported by rights groups monitoring the vote ranged between campaigning for "  yes " votes inside or near polling stations and preventing Christian voters from reaching polling stations in parts of Upper Egypt , which has a history of sectarian strife and is known for the strong presence of Islamist groups . Tuesday 's deaths were the latest twist in three years of political upheaval marked by two presidential departures and hundreds of deaths . Deep political divide The referendum is the first national vote since the ouster of the democratically elected President Mohamed Morsy . The proposed text would change the constitution to ban religious parties and give more power to the military . A deep political divide is evident between supporters of the interim military government and defenders of Morsy . Plenty of people voting at polling stations Tuesday expressed support for el-Sisi and the draft constitution . "  Egyptians ' vote today shows that they are completely against the former regime and they welcome the road map , " said Riham Emam . But others say that voices of dissent have been muzzled . "  The scary part is that opposition is no longer tolerated , even for political parties , " said Khaled Dawoud , a spokesman for the liberal Constitution Party . Authorities have cracked down on the Muslim Brotherhood since Morsy 's ouster , rounding up the movements leaders and making membership illegal . Opinion : Is Egypt back where it was in 2011 ? Constitutional changes Egyptians voted on the last constitution in December 2012 , while Morsy was still in power . But that constitution was suspended after the military deposed him in July . The latest proposal differs from the last constitution in several ways . Some say the draft constitution would mean improved human rights and freedom of expression . The new version explicitly states that women are equal to men and allows them to hold official and judicial posts , Al-Ahram said . The new articles would also give parliament the right to impeach the President in the event of a breach of the provisions of the constitution , Al-Ahram said . Other new articles would criminalize torture , discrimination and arbitrary forced displacement . Critics say the latest draft would give too much power to the military without any civilian oversight . For example , the draft gives tremendous leeway to the army to try civilians in military courts -- something many Egyptians have opposed for years . Morsy 's opponents said he was a tyrant trying to impose conservative values , but Morsy 's supporters say that the military has now returned to the authoritarian practices of longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak , who was deposed in a popular uprising in 2011 . Hundreds died in clashes between Egyptian security forces and Morsy supporters in the weeks that followed his ouster . Morsy has been in detention since July and faces charges of inciting the murders of at least three protesters outside the presidential palace in 2012 . The protests were over the constitution that Morsy shepherded into effect . Ian Lee reported from Cairo , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong . Reza Sayah , Tom Watkins , Saad Abedine , Salma Abdelaziz , Holly Yan , Sarah Sirgany , Richard Allen Greene , Laura Smith-Spark and Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	NEW : Polls close after two days of voting on a draft constitution Security forces arrest 125 people on second day of vote , first day marred by violence The draft constitution would put more power in the hands of the military Hundreds have died amid political turmoil in Egypt over the past three years
CNN  -- Shia LaBeouf appeared in Manhattan criminal court Thursday morning over charges stemming from a June incident at a Broadway performance of "  Cabaret . " The actor was arrested after allegedly disrupting the Broadway show mid-performance and has been accused of berating and spitting at police officers who were removing him from the theater . LaBeouf is charged with criminal trespass , disorderly conduct and harassment . The actor 's attorney , G. Robert Gage Jr. , and New York Assistant District Attorney Ali Russell jointly requested an adjournment from the court , asking the judge to allow them to work toward "  a possible resolution " to the charges . Unlike some celebs who have been late to their legal proceedings , the "  Transformers " actor arrived more than 30 minutes before the courtrooms opened . He entered the courtroom surrounded by his legal team and went up to shake hands with Russell . He appeared uncomfortable before his appearance and sat in the third row , surrounded by his advisers , with his head down and his eyes surveying the room . LaBeouf did n't speak during the brief court appearance before Judge Ann Scherzer , who took less than five minutes to grant the adjournment . Court officers helped the actor make a hasty exit from the courthouse . Dodging photographers , LeBeouf refused to address the media or answer any questions . Mel Gibson sympathizes with Shia LaBeouf	Actor Shia LaBeouf went to court over incident at Broadway show Attorneys asked for an adjournment The actor declined to speak with the media
CNN  -- If you have n't heard , "  Twin Peaks " is coming back . On Monday , Showtime announced that the early - '90s David Lynch series would return for a limited run in 2016 . ` Twin Peaks ' returns -- on Showtime A new "  Twin Peaks " could be intriguing , since the show was so labyrinthine to start with . Indeed , the Internet erupted with enthusiasm at the news . Other ideas , such as the possibility of a "  Say Anything " TV series , have n't been so well received . Nowadays , there 's no reason that a show has to die completely . Thanks to the endless appetite for content and nostalgia , old noble failures can be repurposed , rethought and recast to make shiny NEW failu -- uh , hopefuls .  Besides , as the saying goes , there 's nothing new under the sun . What could these shows be ? A long time ago -- back in the '90s and ' 00s -- there was a program on the now-defunct network Trio called "  Brilliant But Cancelled , " which was a way to showcase a number of notable network programs that died before their time . It was a chance to look anew at shows such as Larry Gelbart 's "  United States , " the prescient "  Profit " and the bizarre "  Lookwell , " starring Adam West and created by Conan O'Brien and Robert Smigel .  Trio , which had an interesting mix of old talk shows , British reruns and a smattering of new programming , also died before its time , with its plug pulled in 2005 . We 've come up with our own list of TV series that we would n't mind seeing get a second shot . With the right brain trust , some of these programs can be better than they were . The best example is probably "  Battlestar Galactica , " which in its original incarnation was an old-fashioned space opera . When it was brought back in 2004 , it became a trenchant commentary on terrorism , religion and its impact on society . What other shows could be rebooted ? Check out the gallery for a few suggestions -- and join the comments to add some of your own .	"  Twin Peaks " returning in 2016 , latest show to be rebooted Bringing back old shows combines nostalgia , need for content A number of old shows could use revivals
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- An alleged drug kingpin was captured in his underwear Monday , hiding in a bush outside a house in western Colombia , government officials said in Bogota . Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez was captured in his underwear , hiding in bushes , Gen. Mario Montoya Uribe said . Diego Leon Montoya Sanchez , now 47 the FBI says , was taken into custody early Monday , Minister of Defense Juan Manuel Santos told reporters . "  He was considered the most sought-after narcotrafficker in the world , " Santos said . The FBI had been seeking Montoya , known as "  Don Diego , " for seven years and had him on the Most Wanted list . The FBI accused him of being responsible for shipping "  multiple tons of cocaine " into the United States and called him "  one of the principal leaders of the Colombian North Valley drug cartel , " which it said is "  the most powerful and violent drug trafficking organization in Colombia . " The cartel reportedly relies on right-wing paramilitary and left-wing rebel groups , the FBI said on its Web site , which had not been updated Monday evening . Montoya was responsible for as much as 70 percent of the cocaine sold in the United States and Europe and his organization ordered 1,500 assassinations , Santos said . Watch Montoya being escorted under heavy guard " The capture was the culmination of a plan months in the making , Santos said . Plans revved up three days ago , when informants told authorities that Montoya was in the town of Salsa in the department of El Valle , he said . On Sunday , intelligence narrowed his whereabouts to the Hacienda Pital , said Gen. Mario Montoya Uribe . "  With this information , we mounted the operation , " he said . "  This morning , at 4:30 a.m. , we got the green light . " Forty members of the army 's special forces were flown past Montoya Sanchez 's phalanx of security guards , and other soldiers were moved to other locations to distract them , he said . By 6:20 a.m. a commando team had surrounded the house as other troops stayed about 400 meters away . Inside they found three women , including Montoya Sanchez 's mother , and two men , one of them his uncle . They also found his wallet and cell phone , but Montoya Sanchez was nowhere to be found , the general said . But a soldier searching outside the house saw leaves of a bush move and found the suspect hiding , clad in his underwear , Montoya Uribe said . The heavy-set man was taken to a helicopter and ferried to the capital , where authorities paraded him -- now wearing a black T-shirt and khaki pants , his hands bound before him -- before reporters . Asked if he wanted to make a statement , he said he did not . Montoya Sanchez 's two brothers are also in custody on drug charges . Juan Carlos has been extradited to the United States and Eugenio is awaiting extradition . The U.S. State Department was offering a $ 5 million reward for Montoya Sanchez 's capture . It was not immediately clear who , if anyone , would get it . Since taking office in 2002 , President Alvaro Uribe , a key U.S. ally in Latin America , has approved the extradition of nearly 500 Colombians to the United States , the majority on drug-trafficking charges , according to The Associated Press . For his aggressive stance , the United States has awarded Colombia with more than $ 700 million in annual anti-narcotic aid . E-mail to a friend	Reputed drug lord on FBI 's top 10 most-wanted list captured in west Colombia Diego Montoya Sanchez "  the most sought-after narcotrafficker in the world " FBI offered reward of $ 5 million for information leading to his arrest
Yasuf , West Bank  CNN  -- Vandals burned a mosque in the West Bank on Friday in an attack a Palestinian official said reflected Israeli settler rage over a government moratorium on settlement construction . No one knows who set ablaze and vandalized the mosque -- located in the West Bank village of Yasuf . But the governor of Salfit district , Munir al-Abboushi , told CNN he believes Jewish settlers were responsible for the attack . "  The mosque was completely burned , " al-Abboushi said . "  They burned the praying carpets and Quran holy books , and set the mosque completely on fire , they even burned the loudspeakers where the Imam preaches inside the mosque . " Al-Abboushi said the culprits had scrawled Hebrew graffiti at the entrance of the mosque that read "  price tag -- with regards from Effi . " "  Price tag " is the expression radical Israeli settlers have used to denote reprisal attacks against Palestinians in response to moves by the Israeli government to evacuate illegal West Bank outposts . Israel 's Defense Minister Ehud Barak called on the Israeli military , which occupies the West Bank , to find those responsible for the attack . "  This is an extremist action that is meant to harm any effort by the government to advance political processes for Israel 's future , " Barak said in a statement released by his office . Settler leader Dany Dayan -- chairman of the Yesha Council , a group of Jewish municipal councils from the West Bank -- told CNN , "  I hope that Israeli police will uncover the perpetrators whoever they are and will bring them to trial . This act is wrong and foolish . If this act was carried out by a Jew it fills me with great shame . " Al-Abboushi said later Friday morning , after word of the mosque attack had spread , residents of the village were prevented by the Israeli army from approaching the area which resulted in minor clashes with exchanges of rocks and tear gas between the residents and Israeli soldiers . Al-Abboushi expressed doubt that the attack would be investigated properly . "  What do the police and Israeli army do when they attack our holy mosques and houses ? What do they do to the settlers ? But when they attack us they do nothing . " Last month , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announced a 10-month freeze on new settlement construction in the occupied West Bank . The move has been met with fierce opposition by the politically powerful settler movement and confrontations have erupted almost daily in the West Bank , with groups of settlers forcibly attempting to keep away government inspectors enforcing the ban .	Mosque in West Bank village of Yasuf set ablaze and vandalized Local governor says he believes Jewish settlers were responsible Israeli Defense Minister Barak calls on Israeli army to find those responsible Israel has ordered 10-month freeze on new settlement construction in West Bank
Paris  CNN  -- French police traded gunfire Saturday in a Strasbourg apartment building with the top suspect in a September supermarket bombing , leaving the 33-year-old man dead and one police officer wounded , prosecutors said . The incident was part of a far-reaching , coordinated counterterrorism operation targeting radical Islamists that led to 10 arrests , Paris prosecutor Francois Molins told reporters . A chief focus of Saturday 's sweep was Jeremy Sidney , a 33-year-old former convict who at one point "  converted to radical Islam , " Molins said . The prosecutor said Sidney 's DNA was found on a small explosive device thrown September 19 into a kosher supermarket in Sarcelles , outside Paris , wounding one customer . Police officers went Saturday morning to an apartment building in Strasbourg , in eastern France , that was home to one of Sidney 's two "  religious wives , " said Molins . According to preliminary reports , Sidney shot at police as soon as they opened the door -- firing six shots and emptying his .357 Magnum revolver before being killed in an exchange of gunfire . A police officer who was shot in the thorax is expected to survive , said Molins . He credits the officers ' bulletproof vests and helmets with preventing more injuries . Inside the man 's apartment , police found a female companion with a 6-year-old child and a 1-month-old infant , according to Strasbourg prosecutor Patrick Poirret . The woman was taken into custody as part of the terrorism case , Poirret said . Child welfare workers took custody of the 6-year-old , but the infant was allowed to remain with the woman because she is breastfeeding , Poirret said . Sidney -- who was born in Melun , France -- was sentenced to two years in prison in 2008 after being convicted of drug trafficking , said Molins . French intelligence operatives had been monitoring him since spring -- well before the Sarcelles ' attack -- but he had not been questioned by authorities . "  He appeared  to be  a delinquent converted to radical Islam , " said Molins , who later added that Sidney never trained to fight abroad . A total of 10 people were arrested Saturday across France , as part of the law enforcement operation . One man who was arrested on top of a building in Torcy , about 25 kilometers  16 miles  east of Paris , was armed with a loaded . 22 caliber pistol , Molins said . Authorities can detain the suspects for 96 hours from Saturday morning , at which time they must press charges or release them . All 10 people are being held on suspicion of having links to terrorism , manufacturing deadly explosives , illegal possession of weapons and attempted homicide of police officers . Three of them have criminal records for drug trafficking , theft or violence , according to Molins . "  They are common criminals who started to be radicalized to become radical Islamists and jihadists , " he said . Police seized a number of items such as ammunition , a list of "  Israelite " organizations in and around Paris , a publication produced by al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , wills , computer equipment and 27,000 euros  $ 35,000  in cash , the prosecutor added . Saturday 's operation targeted members of what Molins called an organized terrorist cell . "  We are dealing with a group of a few people who are in constant contact and are supporting each other on a regular basis , " he said . French Interior Minister Manuel Valls briefed President Francois Hollande on the operation Saturday . Hollande reiterated his country 's determination to protect the French people against all forms of terrorist threats . He praised the action of police and asked Valls to take necessary measures to maintain vigilance , Hollande 's office said . CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	NEW : Slain suspect "  converted to radical Islam , " like others targeted , a prosecutor says NEW : 10 people nationwide are detained and accused of having terrorist ties , he adds NEW : Authorities seize ammunition and a list of possible targets , a prosecutor says France 's president hails law enforcement officers for their actions in the case
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A federal judge has temporarily blocked a controversial Florida law requiring all welfare applicants to be drug-tested . U.S. District Court Judge Mary Scriven issued a temporary injunction Monday evening against enforcement of the law 's "  suspicionless drug testing " of adults seeking federal welfare . The law went into effect July 1 , but a single father and the American Civil Liberties Union contend in a lawsuit that the new law is unconstitutional and violates Fourth Amendment protection against unreasonable search and seizure . "  Perhaps no greater public interest exists than protecting a citizen 's rights under the Constitution , " the judge wrote , quoting a 1997 Hawaii case . Under the law , the Florida Department of Children and Family Services requires the drug tests of adults applying to the federal Temporary Assistance for Needy Families program . The aid recipients are responsible for the cost of the screening , which they recoup in their assistance if they qualify . Those who fail the required drug testing may designate another individual to receive the benefits on behalf of their children , but they do not receive a refund for cost of the test . Florida Gov. Rick Scott has championed the law , saying it provides "  personal accountability . " He added it was "  unfair for Florida taxpayers to subsidize drug addiction . " Florida is not the first state to pass such legislation . Michigan passed a similar law that was found to be unconstitutional by the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in 2003 for violating the Fourth Amendment . The ACLU filed a class-action suit on behalf of an Orlando single father who opposed the drug test . Luis Lebron , an unemployed adult college student who cares for a 4-year-old son and disabled mother , was denied temporary cash assistance because he refused to be drug tested . The Navy veteran , an undergraduate at the University of Central Florida , contends the law violates his rights and adds he has never used illegal drugs . The judge , sitting in Orlando , agreed to halt the drug testing until the ACLU lawsuit is settled . But the judge denied the plaintiff 's request to make the matter a class-action case . "  I 'm delighted for our client and delighted to have confirmation that all of us remain protected from unreasonable , suspicionless government searches and seizures , " said Florida ACLU attorney Maria Kayanan in a written statement . The GOP-controlled legislature passed the bill , and Scott signed it into law in May 2011 . "  The governor obviously disagrees with the decision and he will evaluate his options regarding when to appeal , " said his deputy press secretary Jackie Schutz . Since campaigning for governor , Scott has said that the drug-testing of welfare recipients "  will help to prevent misuse of Florida tax dollars " and make sure the money goes to the children . "  Research shows higher drug use among individuals receiving government assistance , and drug abuse also forces children into welfare assistance , " Scott said while signing the bill into law . The ACLU said the state 's own study found that of the 2,000 people who took the state drug test , only a small percentage tested positive . "  It shows that a little bit more than 2 % of the welfare applicants tested positive for drugs where it 's about 8Â 1/2 % in the general public , " said Howard Simon , executive director of the ACLU of Florida . Lane Wright , the governor 's press secretary , said the study is flawed . "  It does n't take in the deterrent effect , " Wright said . Wright added there 's no way to factor how many people avoided taking the test fearing they would test positive for drugs . After being approved for temporary cash assistance , Luis Lebron was shocked by the mandatory drug test . He then contacted the ACLU . "  This is an unconstitutional invasion of privacy , that you ca n't condition getting some benefit from the government by surrendering your constitutional rights , " Simon said . Attorneys for the state say pre-employment drug testing is commonplace and that the Navy vet himself could have been subjected to random drug testing while in the military . The governor 's office said it is confident the judge ultimately will uphold the constitutionality of the law , contending it 's popular among the people of Florida . But Judge Scriven said in her ruling that based on the evidence , "  there is a substantial likelihood " that Florida 's law could be found unconstitutional . Added the ACLU 's Simon : "  We 're the only state in the country that has this  law  . " CNN 's Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	A judge issues a temporary injunction against enforcement of Florida drug tests Welfare applicants are supposed to undergo mandatory drug tests to get benefits A single father and the ACLU say the new law is unconstitutional The Florida governor champions the law , saying it creates "  personal accountability "
MONTREAL , Quebec  CNN  -- Given Montreal 's proximity to substantially-sized American cities -- it 's just over five hours driving from Boston , Massachusetts and Hartford , Connecticut -- you might not think Quebec 's largest city would be so different than these New England metropolises . Old Montreal , seen from a pier at the port , has quaint narrow streets with a slew of restaurants and shops . But in architecture , language , cuisine and culture , Montreal clearly distinguishes itself as a bustling French-flavored center with a modern Canadian accent . Montreal 's convenient subway system and concentrated points of interest also make it a great choice for anyone who does n't have a lot of time to spend away from home . I had the opportunity to visit Montreal for a mere 48 hours earlier this month and found it enough time to experience some of the best of the city . Old Montreal From the look of the shops and the line to see the cathedral in the historic part of the city , it seems Old Montreal gives most of itself to tourists . Still , for the beautiful old-world buildings and expansive port , it 's a must-see . For a break , try one of the ice cream shops or cafes that line the street along the river . If you 're tired of walking , you can rent a Segway on the Clock Tower Pier and even take a Segway tour of the area . But I think it 's worth it to stroll the pier and watch people with their toy sailboats near the clock tower . There are also kiosks selling various knickknacks on the pier near the science museum . See more photos of Montreal " For those looking for impressive old buildings , take some time to experience the Notre-Dame Basilica  110 rue Notre-Dame Ouest  , inaugurated in 1829 . The church 's style is Gothic Revival , and its chapel 's interior was inspired by the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris , France . There is also the grand Hotel de Ville , which is Montreal 's City Hall . The charming narrow streets of the old city light up beautifully in the evening , so be sure to stop back after dinner . Museums Montreal has a slew of museums that cater to many interests . But if you 're only going to spend a couple days there , it 's best to pick just one . For art lovers , there 's the Museum of Contemporary Art  185 , Sainte-Catherine Ouest  and the Museum of Fine Arts  1379 Sherbrooke Ouest  . I went to the Museum of Fine Arts , where a gorgeous array of clothing by Yves Saint Laurent is on display until September 28 . Do n't miss the room of dresses inspired by famous paintings . The designer turned Van Gogh 's sunflowers into shimmering sequins , and used white tulle to create the softness of Renoir 's brush strokes . The museum also has collections of ancient artifacts like Greek vases and Egyptian mummies . History buffs can check out the Museum of Archaeology and History . There is also an environment-themed museum inside the Biosphere , the world 's largest geodesic dome , which was part of Expo ' 67 . If none of the above appeals to you , visit the Montreal Science Centre , currently showing an exhibition called "  The Science of Aliens . " If you have time , you can even see an IMAX journey on the Colorado River and the Grand Canyon -- I personally skipped this , since it did n't seem particularly Quebecois . Nature Forming a picturesque green mound in the background of the city , Mont Royal offers spectacular views of Montreal from above . Visitors can drive up around the park to the lookout point , or walk on foot to admire the trees leading up to the top . This seems like a great place for a picnic if time were n't an issue . McGill University and beyond I am a sucker for pretty college campuses , so I found special pleasure in walking around McGill University behind the main gate on Rue Sherbrooke . The path through the downtown campus leads up to the Arts Building , the oldest building on campus . The university also has a science museum of its own , which serves as a research institution in evolution . If you plan ahead , you can even take a guided historical tour of the campus by contacting the university a week in advance . Climbing up the hill behind the main building , I came to a fairytale-like castle , complete with turrets and Gothic stone , situated on the slope of Mont Royal . Then I read the sign : Royal Victoria Hospital  687 Pine Avenue Ouest  . Huh ! There is something strangely comforting about knowing that , if you get seriously ill , you 'd have a room in a place that looks like it 's for royalty . Shopping You can easily satisfy all souvenir needs in Old Montreal . But for more SoHo-style clothes shopping , check out the boutiques on Rue Crescent . Rue St. Denis also has a reputation for trendiness , and the main street , Ste. Catherine , has a slew of shops for clothes , books , music , and more , and is home to the department store Ogilvy  1307 rue Sainte-Catherine Ouest  . Beneath all of this , Montreal has a unique system called the Underground City , passages of shops that connect multilevel-malls and other attractions so you never have to feel a raindrop on a gloomy day . Again , pick and choose wisely according to your interests and time constraints . Nightlife Rue Crescent is alive at night with bars and clubs , but do n't miss Montreal 's outdoor music festivals and events in the open air . I was there for Les FrancoFolies , a celebration of French music that drew thousands of people to stages set up around the center of the city . The famous Club Soda hosts concerts of all kinds , with big names like the Dandy Warhols  September 14  and Quebec-based groups like The Lost Fingers  September 6  . After dancing inside or out , I highly recommend the strawberry-banana daiquiri at Tres Amigos  1657 rue Ste-Catherine  . Where to eat For breakfast , dessert , or really any meal , a crepe from Paris Crepes  corner of Crescent and Ste. Catherine  will suffice . The mouthwatering "  strawberry cheesecake crepe " consists of fresh strawberries , chocolate syrup , and what appears to be pieces of cheesecake mashed up into gooey goodness . If you 're willing to spend a few extra loonies -- that 's what Quebecers call their dollar coins -- enjoy a hearty Italian meal at Il Cortile  1442 rue Sherbrooke Ouest  in a quaint courtyard with colorful flowers hanging from terraces above . No trip to Canada is complete without poutine , a dish of French fries smothered in sauce and topped with lots of cheese . The city has many places where you will find this staple in at least a dozen forms , for vegetarians and meat-lovers alike . One reliable 24-hour restaurant specializing in poutine is La Banquise  994 rue Rachel Est  , not far from the Mont Royal metro stop . Art on the street About an hour before I left for the airport , I happened to pass a crowd of fascinating people -- or rather , a sculpture of a crowd of fascinating people -- at the corner of Rue Sherbrooke and Ave McGill College . The spectators of "  Illuminated Crowd " by Raymond Mason have come together for some reason , but why ? And why do some appear terribly frightened , and others perhaps more hopeful ? In your frenzied wanderings through the city , it 's worth a minute to walk around it and reflect .	Montreal is a little more than a five-hour drive from major New England cities Old Montreal has beautiful European-style buildings and borders the port McGill University has a beautiful campus in front of Mont Royal Poutine , a dish of French fries with sauce and cheese , is a well-known snack
CNN  -- Events at a West Virginia air show were canceled for a second day Sunday after a crash a day earlier that killed a stunt pilot , show organizers said . No one on the ground was injured in the crash Saturday . Investigators with the National Transportation Safety Board arrived in Martinsburg on Sunday to begin piecing together what went wrong . The crash occurred about five minutes into a planned 15-minute flight , said NTSB investigator Tim Monville . Some victims of Nevada air race crash identified "  During one of the planned aerobatic maneuvers ... two opposing airplanes were to pass each other laterally , " then pull up and perform a roll , Monville said . The plane that crashed "  did not complete the maneuver . " Monville declined to identify the pilot . CNN iReporter Jennifer Clark took pictures of the 2:30 p.m. ET crash , showing flames and black plumes of smoke rising from the ground . "  We saw a flash of light ... and heard the explosion sound , " she told CNN 's Don Lemon on Saturday . "  It was scary . " "  You just heard the whole crowd gasp simultaneously and everybody just kind of went silent and was just watching what was going on , " she said . Event organizers on Sunday urged those who witnessed the crash "  to seek out support if they feel that viewing the accident traumatically affected them . " The West Virginia crash came one day after another deadly air crash . A pilot lost control of his vintage plane during an air race in Reno , Nevada , on Friday , plummeting toward thousands of spectators before narrowly missing a grandstand and slamming into box seats . Nine people , including the pilot , died in that accident , according to local police .	A pilot was killed in a crash Saturday No one on the ground was injured NTSB investigators are on the scene to probe the crash
CNN  -- Controversial Dutch politician Geert Wilders was cleared Thursday of inciting hatred against Muslims , the Dutch justice ministry said . Wilders was tried for inciting discrimination and hatred over a controversial film he made about Islam . The court in Amsterdam said comments by the leader of of the Party for Freedom were "  denigrating , " but not illegal , the ministry said . Wilders ' film "  Fitna , " which he released online in March 2008 to international outcry , features disturbing images of terrorist acts superimposed over verses from the Quran in an apparent attempt to paint Islam as a threat to Western society . It drew complaints from the European Union and the Organization of the Islamic Conference , as well as concern from the United States . Comments Wilders made in a variety of media between 2006 and 2008 formed part of the case against him . Wilders said he did nothing wrong . If found guilty , he would have faced up to two years in prison and a fine of up to 19,000 euros  $ 26,000  for each charge . CNN 's Nina Dos Santos and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Geert Wilders ' comments were denigrating but not illegal , the court rules He faced charges of inciting discrimination and hatred over his film "  Fitna " It juxtaposes verses from the Quran with images of terrorist acts The United States and European Union both complained about it
CNN  -- Asian champions Al Sadd have qualified for the semifinals of the Club World Cup after beating African champions Esperance of Tunisia 2-1 in Toyota , Japan , in a match marred by crowd trouble . Esperance fans repeatedly clashed with police and stewards , with one supporter also running onto the pitch before being dragged to the ground , after their side had two goals disallowed for offside , and penalty appeals rejected , in an enthraling match . Al Sadd 's victory , the fifth successive time the Asian champions have beaten their African equivalent in the tournament , means the Qatari side have secured a dream last four clash with European champions Barcelona on Thursday . Al Sadd went ahead in the 33rd minute when Khalfan Al Khalfan headed home a rebound after goalkeeper Moez Ben Cherifia failed to deal properly with Abdul Kader Keita 's long-range drive . And they doubeld their advantage four minutes after the break when Lee Jung-Soo headed a free-kick across goal for captain Abdullah Koni to knock in from close range . Both teams were making their debut in the competition , and Esperance gave themselves hope on the hour mark when Ousama Darragi headed home a set-piece . But , helped by a couple of contentious decisions , Al Sadd held on and will now pit their wits against tournament favorites Barcelona . Meanwhile , in the other fixture played on Sunday , Japanese champions Kashiwa Reysol beat CONCACAF champions Monterrey of Mexico on penalties , after their match had ended 1-1 . Ryohei Hayashi netted the winning spot-kick to see Kashiwa through 4-3 on penalties and seal a date with South American champions Santos of Brazil in the other semifinal on Wednesday .	Asian champions Al Sadd beat African champions Esperance 2-1 in Club World Cup The Qatari side now face European champions Barcelona in semifinals of competition Crowd trouble mars the match with Esperance fans clashing with police and stewards Kashiwa Reysol , representing hosts Japan , defeat Monterrey of Mexico on penalties
CNN  -- A former U.S. Army officer has been charged with passing information relating to nuclear weapons and other military secrets to his Chinese girlfriend , the Justice Department said . Benjamin Bishop , 59 , was arrested Friday at work and appeared in federal court in Honolulu on Monday . He was formally charged with "  willfully communicating national defense information to a person not entitled to receive such information . " Court documents identified the woman as a 27-year-old Chinese citizen . Her name was not disclosed and she has not been charged . She was in the United States legally on a student visa , authorities said . Court documents do not accuse the woman of spying , but an affidavit notes that Bishop met her at a conference in Hawaii where she may have been attempting to target individuals with access to classified information . Investigators say Bishop began a romantic relationship with her in June 2011 and sought to hide it from authorities . Bishop , who had top-secret clearance , is also charged with unlawfully retaining classified documents in his home . He will remain in custody pending a detention hearing on Friday . If convicted , Bishop faces up to 20 years in prison . "  The arrest of Mr. Bishop is just the first step in what is going to be a long process and we are actively continuing the investigation to determine the roles of all those involved in this case , " U.S. Attorney Florence Nakakuni said . Bishop 's court-appointed lawyer , Birney Bervar , said the charges were devastating for her client . "  He has served his country honorably for 29 years and he maintains he would never do anything to intentionally harm the United States , " Bervar said . Government officials said Bishop had been in the Army reserves but was activated for about three years before being hired by a contractor . After becoming suspicious of his activities , federal agents conducted wiretaps , physical and electronic surveillance , and searches of Bishop 's home . Authorities would not comment on the extent of potential damage to national security , but said the information involved "  related to nuclear weapons , information on planned deployment of U.S. strategic nuclear systems , information on the ability of the U.S. to detect low and medium-range ballistic missiles of foreign governments , and information on the deployment of U.S. early warning radar systems in the Pacific Rim . "	Contractor allegedly gave information to 27-year-old woman he met at a conference Benjamin Bishop charged with passing military secrets relating to nuclear weapons Bishop 's lawyer says the charges are devastating . says he would n't harm the United States Authorities are not calling the woman a spy , but may have been targeting secret information
In an op-ed on CNN.com , Robert Goyer suggested that it is easy to accidentally land an airplane at the wrong airport . And he is correct . The problem is that it should n't be , especially not with the profusion of technology at a pilot 's fingertips designed to help prevent just these kinds of mistakes . No doubt Southwest 's landing at the wrong Missouri airport this week will be categorized as pilot error , as it was when a 747 crew landed at the wrong airport in Kansas in November . But labeling this all as an easy mistake or as pilot error is too simplistic . In doing so , we risk ignoring a growing threat to this nation 's and the world 's aviation safety , a growing disconnect between the technology created by our smartest engineers and technicians and the pilots who use it . Indeed , pilots sometimes ignore the technology , as Goyer and others have speculated could have been the case in the Southwest landing , while others are overwhelmed when the technology unexpectedly fails , like it did aboard the doomed Air France Flight 447 that crashed in the ocean in 2009 . America is good at fixing problems , though . When an airliner flying in the clouds on approach to Washington struck the top of a hill after descending too low , U.S. industry developed a fix : a ground proximity warning system , a talking cockpit box that alerts pilots to approaching hazards they could n't easily see . But in 2012 , a Russian airline crew demonstrating a new jet received a terrain warning -- an aural cockpit signal warning the crew they were too close to the ground -- flying around Indonesia , but ignored it , believing it was a computer error . All 44 people aboard that aircraft died when the airplane struck the side of a mountain . The computer 's warning had been real . In February 2009 , the captain of a Continental Airlines turboprop became confused when the autopilot of his airplane turned itself off while the airplane was slowing for the approach to Buffalo , New York . The pilot was so startled by the computer shutdown that he made a fatal flying mistake . He also believed the computer 's messages were a mistake . Forty-nine people in that airplane died because the pilot was wrong . All these aircraft were equipped with the latest technologies available to make flight as safe as humanly possible . And yet each time , the crew managed to figure out a way not to heed the warnings . The Southwest and the Atlas Air pilots -- and their passengers , of course -- were just lucky no one was hurt . But what about the next time ? The Southwest crew only averted disaster by a few hundred feet , narrowly missing a drop-off at the end of the runway that would surely have broken the airplane into many pieces . All these problems point to this newest threat : Pilot 's confusion about what their computers are telling them , when they look at them , that is . This speaks to complacency to some extent . It 's also well known that humans do n't handle monitoring duties very well for very long . We grow bored rather easily . But even labeling this a "  human factors " problem is too easy . Like everything in our society these days , this complacency , this disconnect between operator and computer , is not a simple black and white problem that we can fix with another electronic box or an enthusiastic chat from the boss . There 's another overriding problem preventing us from digging deeply enough into the implications of this problem : The airline industry has become a victim of its own success , with an impressive air safety record . Before last year 's crashes in San Francisco and Birmingham , Alabama , there had been not a single fatality between 2010 and 2012 . Because our record has been so good , many people inside and outside the industry , as well as legislators , regulators and certainly airline passengers may mistakenly believe that we 've solved the aviation safety problem . But just as hospital administrators would never tell patients that losing a few people now and again to infection should be considered an acceptable loss , we ca n't ignore the instances when something has come between our professional pilots and these technologies created to help save us from ourselves . And we in the industry are only now coming to believe this threat is real ourselves . A recent study delivered to the FAA about automation confusion highlights some of these problems , but offered no timeline to solve them . Passengers also need to advocate for their own safety by writing to their legislators , airline CEOs and regulators demanding that the automation confusion issue be put on the front burner now . Like our pilots , aviation safety 's threats are sending us warning messages . But right now we do n't seem to be listening .	Robert Mark : Writer suggested it 's easy to land jet at wrong airport . True , with a caveat Southwest landing joins similar cases from recent years . These should raise alarm , he says He says pilots often failed to heed what computer was telling them . Complacency a threat Mark : Fliers should demand "  automation confusion " be put on regulators ' front-burner
A mysterious and gruesome crime ended the life of 19-year-old Jessica Chambers . She was found badly burned Saturday night on a rural Mississippi road by first responders after a passerby called 911 . "  You could n't recognize her because she was unrecognizable , " her father , Ben Chambers , told CNN affiliate WREG . As her car continued to blaze , emergency workers struggled to hear Chambers ' final words . She spoke in a hoarse voice , Jay Hale , the assistant district attorney for Panola County said . Did she identify her killer ? Hale paused and told CNN that no one was in custody yet , so it 's still not known . Ben Chambers said doctors told him his daughter was burned over 98 % of her body . "  They have ripped everything I have , " her mother , Lisa Chambers , told CNN affiliate WMC . Jessica Chambers went to go clean out her car and get something to eat before she was burned alive , her mother said , Authorities have questioned a few people , but no one has been arrested , Hale said . They are also trying to get a call record and data from her cell phone , found at the scene near the town of Courtland in northwestern Mississippi .	Jessica Chambers went out to clean her car and get dinner , her mom says Emergency responders found her badly burned on a rural road in Panola County , Mississippi "  They have ripped everything I have , " mother tells CNN affiliate Chambers was burned over 98 % of her body , father says
CNN  -- A grainy black and white photo of Trayvon Martin 's body and school records for George Zimmerman were among court documents that prosecutors in the controversial case said they mistakenly released Thursday . Special Prosecutor Angela Corey 's office later issued a statement asking reporters to "  please disregard and do not use the information contained in the initial e-mail . It was inadvertently attached . " The photo and records were among 76 documents released by Corey 's office Thursday . The state attorney 's office later sent reporters a redacted version of the court documents , which did not include the Martin photo or the Zimmerman school records . In June , Circuit Judge Kenneth R. Lester Jr. ruled that photographs of Martin 's body after the February 26 shooting would not be released to the public . Judge in Zimmerman case says he wo n't step aside Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the death of 17-year-old Trayvon Martin , who was shot and killed while walking through Zimmerman 's Sanford , Florida , neighborhood in February . Zimmerman says he shot Martin in self-defense during a struggle , but prosecutors say he racially profiled the youth and ignored a 911 dispatcher 's advice not to follow him . In his six-page order sealing some court documents in June , Lester noted the media scrutiny of the case . "  News stories have been routinely disseminated presenting opinion and rumors as fact . Any person who has logged onto a news website in the last three months has at the least seen a headline relating to the case , " he wrote . "  As noted , common sense tells this court that the full disclosure of information , as sought by the media interveners , will irreparably harm the ... ability to receive a fair trial . " Zimmerman 's wife pleads not guilty on perjury charge Timeline of events in Trayvon Martin case	A photo of Trayvon Martin 's body is mistakenly released Released court documents also include George Zimmerman 's school records The prosecutor 's office asks the media not to use the information A judge had ordered that photos of Martin 's body should be sealed
CNN  -- A French magazine has been fined for publishing topless photographs of Britain 's likely future queen , Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , and ordered not to distribute the magazine in print or online , a French court ruled Tuesday . The court ordered Closer magazine to hand over the original photos to the royal family within 24 hours of the ruling and to pay them 2,000 euros  about $ 2,600  . The magazine must pay a further 10,000 euros a day if it is late in handing over the photos . And a French prosecutor opened a preliminary criminal investigation into the incident , the Nanterre prosecutor 's office said Tuesday . Catherine and her husband , Prince William , the second in line to the throne , "  welcome the injunction that 's been granted . They always believed the law was broken and that they were entitled to their privacy , " the palace said . French law provides for "  draconian sanctions " to protect against invasions of privacy , British lawyer Charlotte Harris said , including orders to take magazines off shelves and the imposition of serious fines . Separately , the board of a newspaper that published the topless photos is conducting an internal investigation . The board of the Irish Daily Star was considering shutting down the newspaper but decided to await the investigation results , which are expected in "  a few weeks . " After the Irish Daily Star published the photos Saturday , one of the newspaper 's editors was suspended , pending the investigation . The royal family filed a criminal complaint seeking invasion of privacy charges against Closer and possibly the photographer , a palace spokeswoman said . The photos of Catherine sunbathing are more about invasion of privacy rather than nudity , royal biographer Christopher Andersen said . Prince William and his brother , Prince Harry , still blame the media for the 1997 death of their mother , Princess Diana , in a Paris traffic accident as her driver fled paparazzi , Andersen said . French investigators concluded the driver of the car Diana was traveling in lost control while he was intoxicated . The royal family is concerned about similar invasions , particularly if William and Catherine have a child , Andersen said . In a civil court proceeding Monday in Paris , attorneys for the royals asked for damages and a court order to prevent the photos from being published again . William and Kate : Keeping calm and carrying on They also want existing photos taken offline , a palace spokesman said . The court ruled in their favor on both counts Tuesday . Lawyer Aurelien Hamelle denounced the published photos in court Monday , calling them an infringement of privacy , CNN affiliates reported . "  It is a scene of married life , intimate , personal , that has nothing to do on a magazine , " Hamelle said . Chi , an Italian magazine owned by the same company as Closer , put out a special edition Monday with 26 pages of photos of William and Catherine on vacation . As editors at Closer did last week , Chi executives defended publishing the photos despite the furor from London . "  It is a story worth publishing in an extraordinary edition because it shows in a natural light the everyday life of a very famous contemporary young couple in love , " Editor-in-Chief Alfonso Signorini said in a statement . Chi and Closer are owned by the Mondadori publishing company , which is headed by Marina Berlusconi , daughter of former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi . Opinion : Wake up , Kate ; photogs are always watching CNN 's Per Nyberg , Laura Smith-Spark and Hada Messia , and journalist Peter Taggart contributed to this report .	NEW : Irish Daily Star is conducting investigation before deciding whether to shut down Catherine and Prince William "  welcome " the injunction , the palace says A court orders Closer magazine to hand over the photos within 24 hours The royals have also filed a criminal complaint in France
CNN  -- Italy 's Valentino Rossi edged out Yamaha teammate and title rival Jorge Lorenzo to claim pole position for the French MotoGP at Le Mans . The top spot on the timesheets changed hands several times in an exciting qualifying session on Saturday , with defending champion Rossi setting the fastest time on the 28th of his 30 laps . Rossi lapped in one minute 33.408 seconds to edge championship leader Lorenzo by just 0.054 seconds . Spain 's Dani Pedrosa claimed the third spot on the front row for Honda . Australian Casey Stoner also strongly challenged on his Ducati , but had to settle for fourth fastest , just ahead of teammate Nicky Hayden . Home rider Randy De Puniet and Andrea Dovizioso of Italy were sixth and seventh fastest . Colin Edwards of the United States , Suzuki 's Loris Capirossi were eighth and ninth best with Aleix Espargaro completing the top ten with his last lap . Rossi , who has won three times at Le Mans , trails Lorenzo by four points in this year 's title race after both have secured wins in the opening two races of the season . The 31-year-old has been troubled by a shoulder injury after a motocross accident in April and admitted it was still a problem . "  I am still worried about my shoulder because after 10 or 15 laps today I started to lose power , but I hope adrenalin will take over in the race and that I will be able to stay fast right to the end , " he told the official MotoGP Web site . Lorenzo is hoping to double up after winning at Le Mans last year . "  I need to try to get a good start tomorrow and be stronger during the first few laps , then I think I can fight for victory , " he said .	Valentino Rossi on pole for the French MotoGP at Le Mans Rossi edges Yamaha teammate Jorge Lorenzo in final qualifying Dani Pedrosa third on the grid in his 150th MotoGP race Lorenzo leads Rossi by four points in the title race after two rounds
CNN  -- Despite reports this week of a return to normalcy on the Egyptian street , the situation on the ground is anything but : Protests continue while statements from the nation 's leaders have served only to maintain or even stoke the tinderbox status of negotiations . Demonstrations , which Human Rights Watch says have killed more than 300 people , continued for a 16th day in Cairo 's Tahrir Square . "  Nothing will make this regime go unless we keep on coming and keep on coming , " said Dalia , a protester there who did not give her last name . Another group of protesters tried to prevent the army from breaking up a demonstration at the parliament building in Cairo , and in the northern city of Port Said , state-run TV reported that Egyptians upset over the distribution of land and houses attacked a governor 's building . What the protesters want is simple : the end of a regime that has ruled them sternly for three decades . President Hosni Mubarak has refused to step down but has reshuffled his Cabinet and promised he would not run for re-election . Vice President Omar Suleiman has said the government will address press freedoms and the release of detainees . Also , he said on state TV , a committee has been authorized to hammer out constitutional amendments that will permit free , fair and competitive elections . The Muslim Brotherhood , Egypt 's largest opposition group , responded that the concessions fell short and that the government was attempting to divide the opposition with its announcements . Watch what might be the ` new normal ' in Egypt "  That 's not good enough , " Mohammed Habib , a leader of the Muslim Brotherhood , said of Suleiman 's announcement . "  The first thing that the regime should do is for the president to leave . " The group , which is officially banned in Egypt because of its religious agenda , has rejected the notion of a religious state , saying it wants to participate in forming a democratic government . "  We are not seeking power , " said Mohammed Morsi of the Brotherhood 's media office . Observers say that while Mubarak 's ouster is one of the protesters ' key demands , the constitution would need a massive overhaul -- not a few tweaks -- because it is seen as a tool for keeping Mubarak 's National Democratic Party in power . Parliament would also need to be dissolved because the 2010 elections were widely viewed as illegitimate , analysts say . Anti-government protesters do not trust the process , said Sherief Gaber , an Egyptian-American protester who feels that Suleiman and Mubarak 's promises are "  a false act of contrition on behalf of what 's effectively the same government it was two weeks ago . " Watch another Egyptian-American 's take on the crisis Police who had largely stood down when the military hit the streets last week are again arresting and harassing protesters , creating a climate of fear , Gaber said . "  I think that this is simply a change of tactics on behalf of the regime , to move from just violence toward the everyday repression that 's been going on for years and years and years , and they 're hoping to just asphyxiate the protests that way , " he said . Disappointment with Suleiman and Mubarak was also evident in Washington . Vice President Joe Biden has told his Egyptian counterpart that he wanted to see "  immediate , irreversible progress " and said the government should quit beating and harassing journalists , lift the country 's emergency law and bring a wide range of opposition groups into the national dialogue . Watch why the U.S. is growing frustrated White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs also expressed concern that Suleiman would not rescind the martial law that has given Mubarak sweeping powers for years . Gibbs took particular issue with Suleiman 's claim that Egypt was not ready for democracy . "  I do n't think that in any way squares with what those seeking greater opportunity and freedom think is a timetable for progress , " he said . Sameh Shoukry , Egypt 's ambassador to the U.S. , said the emergency decree would be lifted "  when it was possible in terms of the security dangers that exist . " Watch how the reports from media , government do n't always jibe There are now growing concerns that Suleiman is not on the same page as the White House , said Michele Dunne , a Middle East expert at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace . "  Up till now , the Obama administration was saying that this had to be a negotiated transition that the Egyptian government had to deal with the opposition and that the opposition had to be a partner , so to speak , in this transition , " she said . "  What Suleiman is offering now is not that at all . " As the Muslim Brotherhood has alleged , there are signs that the opposition groups are splintering . Most notably , Amre Moussa , the Arab League secretary general , who stood with the protesters last week , now says Mubarak should be allowed to stay until his term ends in September . Read how the Brotherhood sees itself participating in democracy "  The danger at the moment is that this opposition , which a few days ago seemed to unite , is now being divided , " said Cairo-based analyst Issandr El Amrani . "  The regime is using its tried-and-true tactic of divide and conquer . " If nothing else , this week brought the matter of who might lead the opposition into better focus . The question was continually raised when the protests first erupted . And despite heavy media focus on Mohamed ElBaradei , it 's unclear whether the former International Atomic Energy Agency chief wields the necessary influence . Now , not only is the Muslim Brotherhood , which held 88 seats in parliament before boycotting runoff elections last year , saying it wants to participate , but Google executive Wael Ghonim has emerged as a face of the revolution . Read what Ghonim demanded of ` heroic Egyptians ' Snatched off the streets of Cairo by security forces last month and freed this week , the Dubai-based marketing executive administered a Facebook page in honor of slain activist Khaled Said , which is credited with kicking off the demonstrations . Ghonim has said he does n't agree with the Brotherhood 's ideologies but described them as "  good Egyptians " and said the group is "  not as bad and evil " as it has been made out to be . Ghonim has shunned assertions that he is a hero and has said he is "  ready to die " for change . Though he has called for Mubarak to be treated with dignity , he has also demanded the dissolution of the president 's party . From a makeshift stage in Tahrir Square on Tuesday , his words inspired protesters to began chanting his mantra . "  This country is our country , and everyone has a right to this country , " he told the crowd . "  You have a voice in this country . This is not the time for conflicting ideas or factions or ideologies . This is the time for us to say one thing only : ` Egypt is above all else . ' " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Caroline Faraj , Barbara Starr , Frederik Pleitgen , Ivan Watson , Candy Crowley , Moni Basu and Eliot Spitzer contributed to this report .	Announcement that Hosni Mubarak will not step down renews rage on the street Observers , protesters say government concessions aimed at dividing protesters Washington expresses frustration , demands "  immediate , irreversible progress " in situation Perceived leadership void being filled by Muslim Brotherhood , jailed Google executive
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Much has been made of Barack Obama 's interest in "  Team of Rivals , " Doris Kearns Goodwin 's best-selling book on President Lincoln and his cabinet . Abraham Lincoln , seen here at Antietam , spent a great deal of time studying military history and strategy . But the president-elect may want to put a new Lincoln book on his nightstand , "  Tried by War : Abraham Lincoln as Commander in Chief "  Penguin  . The work by Pulitzer Prize-winning historian James M. McPherson explores how the Illinois lawyer and self-taught military strategist managed to successfully prosecute the nation 's bloodiest war . Like Lincoln , Obama enters office without any military experience of his own , yet he becomes commander in chief during a time of not one but two wars . What can Obama learn from Lincoln 's example ? CNN put that question to McPherson , but first we discussed how the 16th president developed into arguably the country 's greatest commander in chief . The following is an edited version of the interview . CNN : Abraham Lincoln came into office in 1861 with the United States on the brink of civil war . How did he get himself up to speed to make critical military decisions ? James M. McPherson : We know from -LSB- Lincoln secretary -RSB- John Hay 's diary that Lincoln spent a lot of time reading about military strategy , military theory , military history , to try to bring himself up to speed . I think another way in which he did it was to talk to as many people as he could find who knew something about the subject . Lincoln , of course , was an experienced trial lawyer . He knew how to cross-examine people to bring out information and I think that was another way in which he learned was just to talk to people and ask them questions and follow up those questions with further questions . CNN : Lincoln very quickly had to make momentous decisions , and often dealt with resistance or incompetence on the part of commanders in the field . McPherson : I think Lincoln was surprised by the degree to which he had to become involved in almost day-to-day strategic decisions and command decisions . . The -LSB- military commanders -RSB- to whom he delegated these responsibilities and these powers just did not exercise those powers , did not rise to the demand of the occasion , and so Lincoln had to do it himself . Lincoln had no substantial experience prior to the Civil War in military affairs , yet he found himself almost from day one having to make decisions that had large military implications , decisions that were sometimes based on purely military considerations , but in many cases were also based on political calculations that he had to make as president . CNN : In the introduction to your book you observe that Lincoln "  proved to be a more hands-on commander in chief than any other president . " McPherson : I think Lincoln took a more direct hand in formulating strategy and making command decisions than , say , Woodrow Wilson did in World War I and even FDR did in World War II . And that , in Lincoln 's case , was not necessarily by choice but by default . CNN : Before Lincoln 's presidency , the concept of commander in chief was n't clearly defined . McPherson : Lincoln actually created the office of the modern commander in chief . The constitution merely says the president "  shall be commander in chief of the army and navy of the United States and of the militia of the several states when called into federal service . " Period . It does n't define the powers of the president as commander in chief and there were n't any useful precedents for Lincoln in 1861 , so he had to establish the precedents . And what he did was to -- I would n't say usurp some of the powers that had been traditionally exercised by Congress in wartime in creating and maintaining an Army and Navy , but to assert powers that could really only be exercised by the commander in chief himself . ... He proclaimed the blockade of the Confederate coastline , which is really an act of war . ... He increased the size of the Army and Navy without congressional authorization . He suspended the writ of habeas corpus and the Chief Justice of the United States said that only Congress could do that . But Lincoln said this is logically an emergency function of the commander in chief and he established that precedent , as well . CNN : What do you think President-elect Obama might be able to learn from Lincoln as commander in chief ? McPherson : Georges Clemenceau , the French prime minister during World War I , famously said that "  War is too important to be left to the generals . " Lincoln certainly would have agreed with that . What Clemenceau meant is that every activity involved with fighting a war has political consequences , has consequences far beyond the battlefield , has an impact on the entire society and therefore ca n't really be decided strictly on military criteria . And I think that Lincoln certainly learned that and that 's something Obama will have to keep in mind . I think he probably is well aware of it , that , for example , whatever decisions he makes about withdrawing troops from Iraq or beefing up troops in Afghanistan do n't take place in a social and cultural and political vacuum . They all have consequences far beyond the battlefield itself . CNN : Lincoln used his incredible gifts with language to great advantage during the Civil War . Can Obama learn from that ? McPherson : Lincoln had the ability to communicate ideas and communicate policy to the average person . He could make things clear , even complicated things clear , to the average person , and I think Obama has that gift , too . CNN : Do you see temperamental similarities between Obama and Lincoln ? Some people have noted that . McPherson : I think I do . ... Lincoln occasionally did lose his temper , but he usually managed to maintain his cool . ... This kind of temperament -- keeping your cool , keeping your temper , trying to base your decisions on rational thought rather than emotions or temporary explosions of temper -- I think they 're similar in that respect and that was a really important factor in Lincoln 's leadership qualities . CNN : Finally , as a historian , does it give you pleasure that Obama is apparently a reader of history ? McPherson : Well yes , it 's almost exhilarating to have a president who reads history , knows history and realizes the value of understanding history . "  Pleasure " is the right word .	James M. McPherson 's new book : "  Tried by War " Historian shows how Abraham Lincoln handled war , made much up along the way McPherson : Fighting war has political consequences , Obama should heed that
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- In the opening days of the Oscar Pistorius murder trial , a journalist 's laptop starting making noise near the back of the court . "  What is that ? " came a voice , gentle but firm , from the judge 's bench . "  I 'm sorry , my lady , " a foreign journalist stammered over the loud American-accented announcement issuing from her computer , declaring that it had found viruses and was beginning a scan . "  Stand up , please , " the judge said . Struggling to silence her computer , the journalist complied as a hush fell over the court . She repeated her apology , explaining that new software had been installed on her computer and she was closing it down . The judge regarded the journalist silently , a schoolmistress displeased with a naughty child , as everyone in court looked on . A long , agonizing moment ticked by . "  You may sit down , " the judge instructed the journalist . Every hand in court instantly reached for a laptop or phone to make sure it was on silent . The judge had never raised her voice . Her name is Thokozile Matilda Masipa , and she is the woman who has decided the fate of Oscar Pistorius . She was the "  my lady " all the witnesses addressed when testifying , even though they were normally answering questions from male lawyers . A diminutive figure who moves slowly due to arthritis , Masipa was been the still , small center of the trial , calmly taking notes or watching unruffled , chin resting on her folded hands , as lawyers preened , witnesses stammered and the defendant wept . INTERACTIVE : Explore each side 's case Ground-breaking career Masipa was a historic figure in South Africa even before the world 's most famous disabled athlete landed in her courtroom on a murder charge . She was the second black woman to become a judge in the country , turning to the law after a career as a social worker and a crime reporter for the Sowetan newspaper . Mannie Witz , one of South Africa 's top defense lawyers , spent a year as her tutor when she was studying to become a lawyer . He remembers his surprise when he first met her in 1991 . "  She was older than me , " he said of his student . "  A black woman , she had a son , a husband . At a much later stage in life she decided to become an advocate , " as South Africans call some types of lawyers . She was a star student , Witz said . "  She really applied herself . She passed with flying colors , " he said . A former colleague from her newspaper journalism days has an explanation . "  We were doing things and Matilda was not there , " said Nomavenda Mathiane , using the name by which Masipa was known in those days . "  After work Matilda would go to the library and study . " Masipa saw a future which her colleagues could not imagine when black South Africans were resisting apartheid , her old friend said . "  If you look at where she came from and where she ended up -- she knew one day we would be there and  asked herself  ` Will I be ready when we get there ? ' " It 's hard for outsiders to see the magnitude of the symbolism of Masipa presiding over this trial , Mathiane said . "  This is a woman from the dusty streets of the township . Today she is trying a white boy in my lifetime ... I never thought that would happen . " Through a court clerk , Masipa declined to answer questions for this article , refusing even to provide basic biographical details . A law journal announcement from March 1999 saying that she had become a judge said she practiced law from 1991 to 1998 before her appointment to the bench . It listed her hobbies as dancing , gardening and yoga , and the rehabilitation of offenders as one of her legal interests . Not swayed by emotions or hype Speaking before the verdict was announced , Witz said he was confident that Masipa would come to the right decision in the Pistorius case . "  There is a lot of emotional stuff " surrounding the case , he pointed out , but predicted Masipa would rule based on the facts and the law . "  She 's not the kind of person that will be swayed by emotions , " he said , calling her "  diligent " and "  capable -- more than capable . " In fact , Witz argued , despite all the publicity surrounding the defendant , the actual facts of the Pistorius case are "  not difficult . " Masipa 's law clerk Suzette Naude , speaking before the verdict was announced , said the judge had made a conscious decision not to be swayed by the hype around the case and its star defendant . "  She told me from the beginning , ` We will treat this case as a normal case , as all other cases . ' She 's not showing much emotion about the case . And she 's not telling me how she 's feeling , she 's very private about it , " Naude said . But the largely impassive woman on the bench showed a different face behind the scenes , her clerk said . "  She 's a different person in court than in the office . She 's very relaxed and friendly , " Naude said . "  She 's a wonderful judge to work for . I 've been working with her since January and she 's just always smiling . Almost like working for an angel . " Concern for Pistorius Masipa was assisted during the trial by two experts called assessors . Both of them , Themba Mazibuko and Jannette Henzen-DuToit , are advocates . They helped the judge decide on questions of fact , but only she could rule only on matters of law . South Africa does not have jury trials . She has stayed in her post past the normal retirement age of 65 , Witz said -- she will be 67 in October . But she was not chosen specially for the Pistorius case -- she simply happened to be assigned to it , he said . Lawyers like arguing before her , Witz said . "  She has a good reputation . She 's polite . She treats you with courtesy , " he said . She went out of her way to show concern for Pistorius , particularly early in the trial when he wept , wailed and was violently sick in court , and again during his seven days on the witness stand . She stopped proceedings on occasion to give him time to compose himself , arguing that it would not be fair to have a defendant who could not represent himself adequately .  It could in fact be grounds for appeal if he is convicted . But she came down hard on any distractions or interruptions in court , making one of the young defense lawyers stand and apologize when his phone went off in court , warning journalists against some uses of Twitter -- thought it was not clear she was very familiar with social media -- and firmly reprimanding a lawyer who appeared to be enjoying his cross-examination too much . "  This is not entertainment , " she rebuked prosecutor Gerrie Nel . But she also seemed to have flirted gently with Nel on occasion , such as when he stumbled trying to get his tongue around some technical language . He stammered , saying it was difficult to pronounce the phrase with her looking at him . "  I wo n't look at you , " she said with a twinkle in her eye and a gentle smile . Pistorius trial : Your questions answered Follow CNN 's live blog for the verdict CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Nicola Goulding and Emily Smith contributed to this report .	Thokozile Masipa was the second black woman to become a South African judge She came to law after careers as a journalist and social worker Her former tutor says she passed with "  flying colors " and lawyers respect her She 's shown concern for Pistorius as he wept and vomited in court
CNN  -- When Bill Gates testified via videotape in Microsoft 's antitrust trial in 1998 , he was combative and defensive , as if he could n't believe how stupid the entire procedure was . He did n't expect the tape to be shown in court . It was , and it was a disaster . Public opinion turned -- instead of a billionaire genius who had built Microsoft into the most valuable tech company in the world , he was a condescending monopolist who did n't have time for the legal system . Amazingly , Gates did n't see it coming . As Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen relates in his recent autobiography , the anti-Microsoft sentiment "  cut Bill to the core . " Gates told the media that government attorney David Boies was "  really out to destroy Microsoft . " In his rational engineer 's mind , Microsoft was simply a winner . It had beaten its competitors by being smarter and working harder . It seemed deeply unfair for the government to build a case based on the complaints of those competitors and undo everything that Gates had worked so hard for . Flash forward a decade . Google is the new Microsoft . It dominates its industry so completely that a few slight tweaks to its search engine can throw other companies into turmoil by burying them in search results . It 's using the incredible cash generated by that business to expand in a million different directions at once , from online video to social networking to mobile phones . The man running Google , co-founder Larry Page , has a lot in common with Gates . Like Gates , Page is often described in otherworldly terms , a near-genius with autistic tendencies like counting the seconds out loud while you 're explaining something too slowly to him . Like Gates , he has run his own company for his entire adult life and has had uninterrupted success . Like Gates , he has an engineer 's soul and is obsessive about cutting waste -- one of his first acts after taking over as CEO in April was to send an all-hands e-mail describing how to run meetings more efficiently . Like Gates , he is hugely ambitious -- he once suggested that Google hire a million engineers and told early investors that he saw Google as a $ 100 billion company . That 's $ 100 billion in annual revenue , not just stock value .  It 's about one-third of the way there . And like Gates , Page may have a blind spot about the intersection of business and the Beltway . For instance , when Google paid $ 3.2 billion to buy display ad firm DoubleClick in 2007 , it got a search-engine marketing firm called Performics as part of the deal . Obviously , Google would have to let Performics go -- federal regulators would never let the dominant search company own a search marketing company . Except Page wanted to keep it , just to see how it worked .  Google sold Performics to advertising conglomerate Publicis Groupe in 2008 . Back then , Page had a tempering force in Eric Schmidt , who was the company 's CEO and was originally brought in by its investors to provide "  adult supervision . " But since Page reclaimed the CEO title , the brakes are off . In his first five months , Page has reorganized the company to his liking , cut a bunch of marginal projects like Google Health and mobile app maker Slide , launched a social network to compete with Facebook and bid $ 12.5 billion to buy Motorola 's mobile phone business . Now , antitrust investigators are circling Google -- just like they did with Microsoft . Europe has already launched a formal investigation , and the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is taking a close look as well . As Google keeps expanding with big , bold moves , Page will find himself thrust into the spotlight like he 's never been before . For Google 's sake , here 's hoping he handles it with more grace than Gates . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matt Rosoff . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Bill Gates ' testimony in antitrust trial turned public opinion against him , Matt Rosoff says Rosoff says Larry Page of Google is close to being in a similar situation Page is stretching company from online video to social networking to mobile phones , he says
CNN  -- Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal rode into the Republican National Committee retreat in Charlotte , North Carolina , ready to offer a dose of tough medicine for the Republican Party , which he now says "  must stop being the stupid party . " "  The Republican Party does not need to change our principles , " he said in a keynote speech , "  but we might need to change just about everything else we do . " Ouch . There 's a problem with Jindal 's prescription , however , rooted in an idea that Forrest Gump once articulated -- "  stupid is as stupid does . " As the GOP enters a period of reassessment , it knows it desperately needs to reach out beyond its older white male conservative populist base . Jindal is an appealing symbol of that needed change -- a young Southern governor who is also an Indian American and former Rhodes scholar . The GOP 's problem in reaching out beyond its conservative base is not simply a matter of communication and tone . The problem is in the party 's policies . But because Jindal needs to keep the conservative base in his corner to mount a widely expected 2016 presidential campaign , he is restrained from really dealing with the root of the problem . Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes Instead , his well-written speech -- presented as a refutation of President Barack Obama 's second inaugural address -- was incomplete and dominated by many of the straw-man arguments he decried . Defensively , Jindal assured his audience that his federalist vision of modernizing the Republican Party did not mean "  moderating " its policies in any way . "  I am not one of those who believe we should moderate , equivocate or otherwise abandon our principles , " Jindal said . "  This badly disappoints many of the liberals in the national media , of course . For them , real change means : supporting abortion on demand without apology , abandoning traditional marriage between one man and one woman , embracing government growth as the key to American success , agreeing to higher taxes every year to pay for government expansion , and endorsing the enlightened policies of European socialism . " The tragicomic caricature does not describe what Democrats believe or what a centrist Republican might want . But the markers Jindal puts down means he is backing social conservative positions such as opposition to same-sex marriage and the call for a constitutional ban on abortion that is codified in the party platform . Many voters -- especially members of the millennial generation -- consider these positions at odds with libertarians ' professed belief in maximizing individual freedom , but the contradiction and resulting voter alienation is entirely sidestepped . Confronting it is politically inconvenient , if not impossible . Not being the stupid party also means supporting science and the separation of church and state , at least to the extent that creationism is not taught in public schools . But Jindal has backed the teaching of creationism in Louisiana public schools in a pander to conservative populists . Physician , heal thyself . When Jindal says , "  We must not become the party of austerity . We must become the party of growth , " he is arguing for a positive frame for the conservative message . But he is not actually questioning conservatives ' call to cut federal spending and social programs dramatically , which could restrict growth and alienate efforts to appeal beyond the base . He 's just saying the GOP should present the glass as half full . I 'm all for reinventing government and reducing bureaucracy dramatically -- as Jindal calls for -- but part of "  talking to Americans like adults " -- involves talking about the real costs and consequences , not just reframing the debate . Jindal rightly says , "  We had a number of Republicans damage the brand this year with offensive and bizarre comments . We 've had enough of that . " He 's presumably referring to the self-destructed tea-evangelist Senate campaigns of Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin -- which alienated women and centrist voters with the candidates ' tortured talk about rape , biology and abortion . But the problem with those bizarre and offensive comments was rooted in the policies the Senate candidates were being asked to defend -- namely , their faith-based opposition to abortion , even in cases of rape . Unless , that policy is addressed , the problem will remain . Silence on the subject does n't solving anything . Analysis : Jindal lays down 2016 marker Likewise , correcting the overwhelmingly white complexion of the conservative base will require more than just talking to everyone as individuals and rejecting identity politics . It will require backing policies such as comprehensive immigration reform -- as Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio have backed . Jindal stayed silent on the subject and substance . There is a lot to admire in Jindal 's speech -- first and foremost the courage it took to challenge his party in unvarnished terms so soon after a stinging election loss . He is right about the need to offer a compelling contrast rooted in radical simplification to decrease costs and increase efficiency . Jindal is correct in saying that Mitt Romney 's failure was in large part his inability to move beyond simply criticizing Obama and offer a detailed positive policy alternative . But that failure was rooted in the fact that much of current conservative policy is broadly unpopular , a problem only compounded when the party becomes more polarized and dominated by the far-right debating society . The demonization of Obama beyond all reason and reality only adds to the credibility gap that conservatives are now confronting . Most leading national Democrats -- whether it is Obama , Joe Biden , Hillary Clinton or John Kerry -- may be decidedly center-left , but they are basically pragmatic progressives , not the kind of fuming anti-American statists many conservatives imagine . Most Main Street Americans understand this , and hard-core conservatives look a bit dotty for insisting their overheated vision is rooted in reality . There 's one final contradiction between rhetoric and reality that 's worth confronting . Jindal spent a lot of time in his speech slamming the "  barren concrete " of Washington and the job of "  managing government . " But if Jindal runs for president -- as seems increasingly likely -- he 'll be running for the privilege of living in that barren concrete jungle and managing the federal government . That 's a basic part of the job description . Let 's be honest : Jindal does n't really hate the federal government ; he wants to run it . Jindal is courageous to call on his party to stop being "  the stupid party . " But that slogan and his speech is a diagnosis of the problem , not a prescription for fixing it . Confronting the impulse to pander to social conservative populists is necessary to fix "  the stupid party . " The problem is in the policy , not just political perception . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal advocates that GOP reach out beyond base John Avlon : Jindal is not dealing with the root of the problem , which is GOP policies Saying GOP must stop being "  the stupid party " is a diagnosis but not a prescription , Avlon says Avlon : Confronting the impulse to pander to social conservative populists is necessary
CNN  -- Anton Hysen is a football player . He is also gay . "  So what ? " he says . "  Being gay is not a choice -- I hate it when people say that . " In March 2011 , Hysen , who plays in the lower leagues in Sweden , became the first man to come out in more than 20 years within the world of football . He broke the taboo . Fast forward two years and , while his life has changed immeasurably , the same problems remain . "  There 's so much ignorance , " he told CNN in an exclusive interview . "  There 's a lack of knowledge . Some people who are homophobic do n't even know a gay person . It 's all about preconceptions . "  I hear that football players are supposed to be masculine . I know plenty of straight guys who are more effeminate . "  There 's this illusion that every football player has to be macho and have a model girlfriend . It 's not acceptable to be a gay player . "  Why not ? We can run , we can play , we can score . So what 's the problem ? " The fight against homophobia in football has been stepped up in the UK in particular , with the "  Rainbow Laces " campaign taking center stage over recent days . Stonewall , a UK-based gay , lesbian and bisexual charity , teamed up with Irish bookmaker Paddy Power to promote the initiative -- which urged players to wear the colored laces to promote awareness . The organization sent laces to all 92 professional clubs in England and the 42 in Scotland but enjoyed only limited success , with clubs unhappy with the inclusion of a gambling firm and a lack of notice given by the charity . Many football fans took to Twitter to say they were unable to even see the laces , especially with players often boasting luminous footwear , while some professionals decided against wearing them for a multitude of reasons . ` It needs to be discussed ' But while he supports the campaign -- Hysen wore the laces during his most recent game -- he stresses that it is only a small step in bringing about a meaningful change in attitudes towards homophobia . "  I think it 's a good idea , " he said , after laughing that he had hit the post when he should have scored in that previous match . "  It 's not a big change but it is a step forward . It 's the least we can do . We can have lectures , we can ban people -- and laces wo n't change the mind of an idiot . "  A homophobe wo n't change his mind because players are wearing rainbow laces , but we 're putting it into their minds and we 're putting the issue into society so we can talk about it . "  It might make people more aware and make them reconsider but it 's not going to make people come out instantly . "  We can talk about it and discuss it . It needs to be discussed . There are not many players out there  wearing them  but it 's a nice gesture . "  I 've heard some idiotic excuses . I respect anyone who does n't want to  wear them  and has strong opinions on the matter but do n't give lame excuses . That 's silly . "  There are a lot of different things we can do -- but this shows some players are ready to show their support . Seeing a professional wearing them is great and gives comfort to gay people who are playing and are n't ready to come out . " Who 's next ? In February , U.S. soccer player Robbie Rogers revealed he is gay but at the same time announced he was retiring from the sport . Rogers , who was playing in England at the time , has since reversed his decision to quit and now plays back in his homeland with Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy . But not since the tragic death of Justin Fashanu has a top-flight division witnessed an openly gay professional football player . Fashanu , who committed suicide in 1998 , became the first # 1 million black player in the history of English football when he signed for Nottingham Forest in 1981 . Constant speculation surrounded his private life , and at one time he reportedly claimed he 'd had affairs with Conservative MPs -- which further fueled media interest . With the rumors continuing throughout his career , he finally came out in 1990 and continued to play for a whole host of lower league clubs . "  You have to understand , " he said in an interview before his death , "  that footballers are very narrow-minded people . It 's the nature of the business . When you put yourself in the firing line , you are open to attack . I know I 'm there to be shot down in flames . " Following his passing , one particular group of fans would recite the chant : "  He 's gay , he 's dead , he 's hanging in a shed , Fashanu , Fashanu . " ' I hope someone else will come out ' While there has been huge progress since those dark days , the presence of homophobia in football has not been extinguished . Hysen had hoped that he would become a trailblazer -- but Rogers aside , there has been little movement in terms of players coming out . "  I 've had quite a few anonymous phone calls from players who want to come out but I do n't know who they are or where they play , " said Hysen . "  I hope that someone else will come out just like Robbie Rogers did . That was great for U.S. soccer . At last we 're having a discussion about it and that 's huge . "  It has been pretty quiet and I understand that . People might not want to come out publicly and I understand . "  For me , the whole experience has been really positive . I 've not had any trouble at all . If somebody says something , then I do n't care . I do n't have time for any of that . I do n't waste my energy on that . "  Lately it has been really good -- I do n't know why it 's a problem . " Putting the Gay in Games But it 's not just in football where the problem exists -- the 2014 Winter Olympics have also courted controversy following the Russian government 's decision to implement a new law banning "  propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors . " There have been protests across the globe , with some athletes threatening to boycott the Games over what they believe are archaic and draconian laws . Russia says the legislation is intended to protect children by prohibiting discussion of gay rights and relationships within their earshot . "  I do n't understand what 's happening in Russia , " sighs Hysen . "  What year are we in ? "  It 's like the Stone Age out there . I respect their laws . It 's their country and I respect that but it 's all about human rights . We 're all humans . It 's prehistoric stuff . It 's 2013 now . "  Athletes are n't going there because of their sexuality . You 're going there to perform your sport -- you go out there and play and do your best . "  You 're not living there -- you 're just going to compete . It 's a problem . It 's difficult because you have to respect their laws but it 's ridiculous how we treat people in the 21st century . "  I know a few people going but I 'd never go . I 'll watch at home on television . " Football family Hysen is not shy in giving his views -- although he does squirm at the thought that he has become some kind of spokesman for gay sports stars : "  I always speak from the heart and do n't care what I say . " With a strong family around him , he has grown into a confident and aspiring young man who quickly realized that his life would never be the same . But by his own admission , the fact that he is the son of Glenn Hysen , the former Liverpool and Sweden international footballer , may have given him an advantage which others may not be as fortunate to enjoy . As a player , his father won the now defunct UEFA Cup twice with Swedish side IFK Gothenburg before moving to England , where he won the league title in 1991 . He is now on the coaching staff at Anton 's third division club Utsiktens , while brothers Tobias and Alexander are also professional footballers . Dancing star But Anton is famous in his own right -- his story an inspiration to millions around the world -- while he cites his victory in Sweden 's "  Dancing with the Stars " as another reason for his current popularity . "  In Sweden I get recognized a lot from my football but also from the dancing , " he laughs . "  I did n't think people would care that much but it 's nice . "  When I first came out I thought I would be in the newspapers in Sweden for a couple of days and that 's it -- I did n't think people would really care to be honest . "  And then suddenly it went crazy , and within two days the whole world knew , but it feels pretty good . I know that I 've done something good with my life . "  I was just a kid who happened to be gay -- I never thought it would be such a big deal . "	Anton Hysen was the second active football player to come out as openly gay He has received calls from players too scared to come out in the game Labels Russia 's anti-gay laws as "  Stone Age " ahead of 2014 Sochi Games Hopes he can help fellow gay players to come out in the future
Washington  CNN  -- A lesbian couple together for more than a decade smiled through tears Tuesday as they became the first same-sex couple to marry in the District of Columbia , on the first day such unions are legal in the nation 's capital . Sinjoyla Townsend and Angelisa Young said they had waited years to marry . They were first in line last week to apply for a marriage license at Washington 's marriage bureau . "  You are my friend , my partner , my love , " Young , 47 , told Townsend , 41 . "  I will love you today , tomorrow and forever . " After the wedding , those present cheered as the two women embraced and cried . They have been together for 12 years and have children , according to biographical information released by the Human Rights Campaign and D.C. Clergy United for Marriage Equality . The new law survived a Supreme Court challenge . The measure went into effect last week , but couples had to hold off until Tuesday because of the district 's three-day waiting period . "  We 're very excited , " Townsend said last week . She and Young were among 100 couples applying for licenses . Share your thoughts on same-sex marriage The district joins Connecticut , Iowa , Massachusetts , New Hampshire and Vermont in allowing same-sex couples to marry . Mayor Adrian Fenty signed the Washington measure into law in December after the city council overwhelming passed it . It then went through a review period , during which Congress had an opportunity to intervene . The Supreme Court last week rejected a request from a group of Washington residents to keep the law from going into effect . Local courts had previously turned down lawsuits to block it . Opponents of the law say city residents should have had a chance to vote on the issue before the city council passed it . They hope to force a ballot initiative to overturn the law . Also among the first couples to marry Tuesday were Reggie Stanley and Rocky Galloway , both 50 . The couple have two daughters , Malena and Zoe Stanley-Galloway , each 15 months old , according to the biographical information released by the equality groups . Also married on Tuesday were the Rev. Elder Darlene Garner , 61 , and the Rev. Lorilyn Candy Holmes , 53 , of Laurel , Maryland . Both of them serve in leadership roles in the Metropolitan Community Church . The women are mothers , grandmothers and great-grandmothers , according to the groups . During Garner and Holmes ' ceremony , a representative from their families read a statement blessing the marriage .	Tuesday is first day same-sex couples in Washington , D.C. , can legally marry Supreme Court last week rejected bid by residents that would have blocked law Mayor Adrian Fenty signed measure into law in December , after council passed it
CNN  -- Federal agents in Gulfport , Mississippi , arrested Sunday a 53-year old man , declared dead in 1994 , on kidnapping charges . Thomas Steven Sanders was arrested in the early morning at a Flying J Truck Stop . He is suspected in the abduction of Lexis Roberts , 12 , of Las Vegas , Nevada . She was later found dead . His capture is unusual because Sanders was legally declared dead in Mississippi by family members some 16 years ago . "  However , we now know that he is still alive and has ties to several states across the country , " the FBI said in a statement earlier this month . Sanders , who is thought to be missing most of his teeth , has changed his appearance several times over the years . He is described as a white male , around 200 pounds with brown eyes . In September , Sanders was seen purchasing bullets at a local Wal-Mart in Las Vegas . The ammunition he bought was consistent with the caliber weapon used during Roberts ' homicide , the FBI said . The girl 's remains were found by hunters in early October in a wooded area north of Harrisonburg , Louisiana . She was last seen with her mother , Suellen Roberts , and Sanders . Sanders was alone at the time of his arrest .	Thomas Steven Sanders , 53 , was arrested in Gulfport , Mississippi In 1994 , he was legally declared dead by family members Sanders is suspected of having kidnapped Lexis Roberts , 12
CNN  -- A man who grew angry during a homeowners meeting at a German bar shot and killed two men and wounded five others Tuesday before turning the gun on himself , police said . The meeting was at a bar in Dossenheim , a small town just north of Heidelberg in southern Germany . At some point the participants began to argue and one of them left the room , police said . That man came back and opened fire on the others with a pistol , killing two of them and seriously wounding five . The suspect then shot and killed himself , police said . The wounded were taken to local hospitals and the others were given counseling .	The victims were holding a homeowners meeting held at a bar It happened in Dossenheim , north of Heidelberg in southern Germany The gunman grew angry and opened fire with a pistol He then shot and killed himself , according to police
CNN  A little more than a decade ago , Idaho high school running back Tyler Wright was scoring touchdowns for the Boise High Braves . On Sunday , he 'll pilot an Army helicopter over the NFL world championship . "  I ca n't believe my son is flying over the Super Bowl , " RaeAnn "  Annie " Smith told CNN on the phone from her home . You can understand why she 's so excited . Around kickoff time , when opera star soprano Renée Fleming sings " ... And the home of the brave ... " 80,000 fans in the stands -- and millions more on TV -- will watch Wright and his eight fellow pilots soar high over East Rutherford , New Jersey 's , MetLife Stadium . Does anyone you know ever get a chance to do that ? Probably not . "  It 's a once in a lifetime career opportunity that you get to do this , " Wright said in a phone call Friday with CNN . A bit of advice : Do n't blink on Sunday , or you might miss them and their amazing military hardware . You 'll see a V-shaped wedge formation of three workhorse Black Hawks , three Apache attack helicopters and three Chinook heavy-lifters -- those are the big choppers with the double rotors whirling on top . Total cost , the Pentagon tells CNN : about $ 100,000 . Military flyovers at the Super Bowl have been around a while . The first was at 1968 's Super Bowl II , when Air Force jets thrilled spectators at Miami 's Orange Bowl . Related : Unpublished photos of Super Bowl I Wright , like his eight comrades , has paid some dues to get here , ending up with a tour in Afghanistan . His journey started as a boy , dreaming of piloting aircraft . But at first Wright chose a more conventional path , considering a career as a veterinarian and then a pharmacist . He did stints at two universities , but it was no use . As his mom put it , "  The flying thing just bit him . " Wright first soloed in a small plane in 2008 and then enrolled in commercial flight school . That meant packing up a car with his wife and young daughter and driving 2,500 miles to Florida . After graduation Wright chose military service over an airline job . "  He loves his country , and he wanted to serve , " his mom said . In 2012 , Wright left his then-pregnant wife and 7-year-old daughter behind to join the war in Afghanistan . Turns out , Wright was really good at flying Black Hawks , his mom said . "  I love helicopters , " Wright said . "  And I like the versatility of the Black Hawk , " especially hauling supplies and soldiers in and out of combat zones with the 101st Airborne Combat Aviation Brigade . As he put it , moving the "  bullets and beans ... and troops . " Flying a chopper in a war zone got a little hairy at times for some of the pilots in the unit , Wright said , but , "  we knew what to do and how to react . " When Wright 's tour ended last May , he returned to his base at Fort Campbell , Kentucky -- and a newborn son . One night recently , Wright 's mother was working her part-time second job at a department store , when her cell phone rang . "  Tyler said , ` Mom , I 'm calling to give you some good news ... I 'm going to fly my Black Hawk over the Super Bowl . ' I thought he was kind of teasing . I said , ` Seriously , Tyler ? ' Yep . " The band of brothers who 'll be flying Sunday are all friends -- a really tight-knit group , said Wright , part of Bravo Company 5-101 , "  The Lancers . " Last year at this time , some of them were watching the Super Bowl on TV half a world away . Now they 're among the stars of the show . So , how does a military flyover at a football stadium work , exactly ? Well , it 's tricky , especially in the New York metro area , which is the busiest aviation corridor in the nation . Normally pilots flying in the region have to be aware of traffic from multiple airports , including Newark Liberty airport south of the stadium and Teterboro airport , which is north . Let 's not forget the traffic from JFK and LaGuardia . But hey , this is the SUPER BOWL . Special privileges apply . Basically the Federal Aviation Administration has cleared the airspace on Sunday . Traffic : not a problem . Check . Next , good pilots always keep an eye on the weather . Wright 's no different . The game-time forecast calls for west to northwesterly winds at 10 mph with temperatures in the upper 30s or low 40s . Although there 's a slight chance of light rain , Wright is confident conditions should be good enough to get the job done . Check . Then the hardest part : Wright and his fellow pilots have to time their flyover to the second . The mission : Soar across the stadium during the final note of the "  Star Spangled Banner . " Beginning at a holding area , Wright and his fellow pilots coordinate via radio with controllers on the ground . They know exactly how long it will take for them to reach their destination . In the military the procedure is called "  time on target " -- aka T.O.T. It 's all part of the job of being a military pilot . That 's just what we do , Wright said , "  be at a specific place at a specific time . " Come flyover time -- back in Boise -- Wright 's friends and family plan to be watching . And cheering . CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Sunday 's Super Bowl flyover price tag : about $ 100,000 9 Army helicopters will soar over New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium Pilot explains how military aviators fly over arenas with split-second timing Flyover includes three types of choppers : Black Hawks , Chinooks and Apaches
LONDON , England -- Savers at a leading UK mortgage bank lined up for a second day to empty their accounts Saturday , a day after the lender was bailed out by the Bank of England after heavily slashing profit forecasts . Fearful customers line up to withdraw cash from a Northern Rock branch in southeast London on Friday . Long lines formed before counters opened at the Northern Rock building society , one of the UK 's top five lenders , as worried customers ignored reassurances from the bank and the government . Customers are believed to have already withdrawn about # 1 billion  $ 2 billion  since the bank 's woes were revealed , prompting speculation that the global credit crunch made raising funds through commercial borrowing difficult . Shares in Northern Rock dropped up to 30 percent in Friday trading , with problems spilling over the European banking sector The British Bankers ' Association has urged customers to "  calm down , " according to the UK Press Association . It said : "  Northern Rock is a sound and safe bank and there is absolutely no reason for either mortgage customers or savers to worry . " Meanwhile , finance minister Alistair Darling said the Bank of England had stepped in "  to create a stable banking system " . He said : "  People can use their accounts in the usual way , they can carry on making their mortgage payments in the usual way . Northern Rock will be able to carry on its business . " Northern Rock chief executive Adam Applegarth said yesterday that the bank had yet to draw on the emergency cash , which he called "  a backdrop in case we need to use it " , according to PA. . E-mail to a friend	Savers at leading UK mortgage bank lined up to empty their accounts Northern Rock was bailed out by the Bank of England a day earlier Reassurances that banks was safe have gone unheeded by many
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Obama called Saturday for the Iranian government to refrain from violence and injustice against its own citizens . Iranian women demonstrate Saturday in front of the White House , where President Obama issued a statement . "  The Iranian government must understand that the world is watching , " Obama said in a White House statement . "  We mourn each and every innocent life that is lost . We call on the Iranian government to stop all violent and unjust actions against its own people . " He said the United States stands with all who seek to exercise what he called the universal rights to assembly and free speech . The statement came as Iranian security forces cracked down Saturday on demonstrators in Tehran in continuing protests against the outcome of Iran 's June 12 election . Watch protesters clash with government forces " President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was declared the overwhelming victor in voting that opposition groups called rigged . No independent monitors were permitted for the election , and protests against the outcome grew in succeeding days . Thousands of protesters took to the streets Saturday , even though the demonstrations were banned and police confronted them with clubs , tear gas and water cannons . A threatening statement a day earlier by supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei had raised fears of bloodshed . Obama received intelligence briefings and discussed the situation with senior advisers throughout the day , an administration official told CNN . In his statement , Obama repeated a message from his recent speech to the Muslim world in Cairo , Egypt , that "  suppressing ideas never succeeds in making them go away . " "  The Iranian people will ultimately judge the actions of their own government , " Obama said in the statement . "  If the Iranian government seeks the respect of the international community , it must respect the dignity of its own people and govern through consent , not coercion . " Obama quoted slain U.S. civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. 's statement that "  the arc of the moral universe is long , but it bends toward justice . " "  I believe that , " Obama 's statement said . "  The international community believes that . And right now , we are bearing witness to the Iranian people 's belief in that truth , and we will continue to bear witness . " The statement was Obama 's strongest to date on the Iran situation . He has been criticized by Republicans in Congress for what they called his failure to strongly support the Iranian demonstrators . Previously , Obama has said he was "  deeply troubled " by the violent protests but he has avoided siding with Ahmadinejad 's opponents , telling reporters that "  it is up to Iranians to make decisions about who Iran 's leaders will be . " "  It 's not productive , given the history of U.S.-Iranian relations , to be seen as meddling , the U.S. president meddling in Iranian elections , " Obama said this week . Diplomats credited Obama with having avoided giving the regime an excuse to blame the turmoil on the Americans . Several diplomats told CNN that Iran is in "  unchartered territory " and said this weekend 's events could determine the fate of the regime . The diplomats said they were watching to see whether Iranian security forces would continue the crackdown . The military has shot people before but never in massive numbers , they said . CNN 's Elise Labott contributed to this story .	President issues statement calling on Iran to treat protesters justly Iran must "  govern through consent , not coercion , " Obama statement says Statement is Obama 's strongest yet on post-election protests in Iran Republicans in Congress have criticized Obama 's reluctance to "  meddle "
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraqi leaders are applauding President Obama 's plan to withdraw most U.S. troops from the country by August 2010 . U.S. troops will cede security measures to Iraqi security forces including the police , shown here , and the army . Iraq 's Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi 's office released a statement Saturday saying he received a call from U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton informing him of Obama 's announcement of the withdrawal . "  Mr. al-Hashimi welcomed the American administration 's commitment to withdrawing its troops from Iraq according to the agreed-on schedule and stressed that every possible effort should be exerted to increase the readiness of Iraqi security forces and improve their performance , " the statement said . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki said Obama called him to tell him about the plan Friday . The prime minister said Iraqi security forces have proven their ability to provide security across Iraq "  which qualifies them to take over full security responsibilities from American forces . " Obama said Friday he plans to withdraw most U.S. troops from Iraq by the end of August 2010 . Watch Obama say "  Our combat mission will end " " Between 35,000 and 50,000 troops will remain to help execute a drawdown plan under which all U.S. forces will be out of Iraq by December 31 , 2011 . That was a deadline set under an agreement the Bush administration signed with the Iraqi government last year . "  Let me say this as plainly as I can : By August 31 , 2010 , our combat mission in Iraq will end , " Obama said in a speech at the Marine Corps ' Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . Meanwhile , Iraqi President Jalal Talabani visited neighboring Iran , where the supreme leader warned him that the United States is planning a prolonged stay in Iraq . "  Occupying military forces are laying the groundwork for a long-lasting stay in Iraq , and that is a great danger , " Ayatollah Ali Khamenei told Talabani on Saturday , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . "  Occupying military forces should leave Iraq as soon as possible , " Khamenei said , according to IRNA . "  Every day their exit is delayed will be a detriment to the Iraqi nation . " On Friday , Talabani met with Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who described Tehran 's ties with Iraq as "  growing and deep , " according to IRNA . The two leaders vowed to expand their political , cultural and security relationships .	Sunni vice president supports withdrawal of most troops by end of August 2010 Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki says Iraqi security forces are qualified to take over Obama said up to 50,000 support troops will remain till December 31 , 2011
CNN  -- Football legend Franz Beckenbauer has begun the mind games ahead of Germany 's World Cup semifinal against Spain on Wednesday , describing his compatriots as "  the perfect team " and calling them favorites to reach the final . Beckenbauer , who led Germany to twin World Cup triumphs as both a player and coach , showered praise on the current crop after the 4-0 quarterfinal rout of Argentina . "  This team , it 's the masterpiece of Joachim Low . He has placed his mark on its make-up and created a perfect team , " the 64-year-old told the German Football Federation 's official website . "  I have rarely seen such mastery of the game from a German team . Perhaps only in the 1970s and the World Cup-winning team of 1990 . " Saturday 's win over Argentina was the third time in South Africa that Germany had scored four goals or more in a match and followed hard on the heels of the 4-1 rout of arch-rivals England . "  In the past , we would say that you had to leave the beautiful game in the dressing room , but this team shows that it is not a contradiction and that you can play well and win . " Beckenbauer has no doubt who will win when Germany faces European champions Spain in the semifinals in Durban . "  Germany have an advantage over Spain , who have n't yet shown the form that they did when winning the Euro 2008 title , " he said . "  They have n't yet looked very convincing and struggled to snatch victory in the quarterfinals against Paraguay . " It is not the first time at these World Cup finals that Beckenbauer has spoken his mind . He was forced to apologize after claiming that England played "  kick and rush " football and had "  gone backwards " under coach Fabio Capello . But on reflection , his pre-match comments may have been prophetic as England disappointed hugely against the talented young German team and were well beaten .	Franz Beckenbauer lavishes praise on German team ahead of semifinal Germany won 4-0 over Argentina , having earlier also routed England 4-1 Two-time World Cup winner also dismisses the chances of semifinal opponents Spain
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department says it has decided not to charge former U.S. Attorney General Alberto Gonzales or other Bush administration officials in the controversial firings of nine U. S. attorneys , according to a letter sent to the chairman of the House Judiciary Committee . Special counsel Nora Dannehy investigated the firings and Attorney General Eric Holder "  has accepted her recommendation that criminal prosecution is not warranted , " the letter said . The question as to whether the dismissals were made for political reasons led to a huge controversy in Washington . Gonzales ultimately resigned . In the letter , Associate Attorney General Ronald Welch said Gonzales made "  inaccurate and misleading " statements about the firings . The report also said Gonzales ' chief of staff , Kyle Sampson , also made misleading statements . But the report by Dannehy concluded there was "  insufficient evidence to establish that persons knowingly made material false statements " or tried to obstruct justice . An earlier report by the Justice Department 's Office of the Inspector General and the Office of Professional Responsibility drew particular attention to the 2006 firing of New Mexico 's U.S. attorney , David Iglesias , and whether he was fired to influence voter fraud prosecutions in his state . Dannehy 's probe did not find "  any prosecutable criminal offense was committed with regard to the removal of David Iglesias . " George Terwilliger , a lawyer representing former Gonzales , issued a statement welcoming the end of the 22-month investigation and saying Gonzales was "  vindicated by the Justice Department 's long overdue conclusion . " The statement said Gonzales had consistently maintained he had done nothing wrong . "  Those who made unwarranted allegations and predicted a prosecution owe Judge Gonzales an apology , " said Terwilliger .	The firing of nine U.S. attorneys during the Bush administration was a major controversy Then-Attorney General Alberto Gonzales ultimately resigned The Justice Department has decided not to charge Gonzales or other Bush officials in the firings
CNN  -- Update : Felix Baumgartner landed safely on Earth after jumping from 128,000 feet . I will always wonder what it was like to huddle around a shortwave radio and through the crackling static from space hear the faint beeps of the world 's first satellite -- Sputnik . I also missed watching Neil Armstrong step foot on the moon and the first space shuttle take off for the stars . Those events were way before my time . As a kid , I was fascinated with what goes on in the sky , and when NASA pulled the plug on the shuttle program I was heartbroken . Yet the privatized space race has renewed my childhood dreams to reach for the stars . As a meteorologist , I 've still seen many important weather and space events , but right now , if you were sitting next to me , you 'd hear my foot tapping rapidly under my desk . I 'm anxious for the next one : a space capsule hanging from a crane in the New Mexico desert . It 's like the set for a George Lucas movie floating to the edge of space . You and I will have the chance to watch a man take a leap into an unimaginable free fall from the edge of space -- live . Tuesday , I sat at work glued to the live stream of the Red Bull Stratos Mission . I watched the balloons positioned at different altitudes in the sky to test the winds , knowing that if they would just line up in a vertical straight line "  we " would be go for launch . I feel this mission was created for me because I am also a journalist and a photographer , but above all I live for taking a leap of faith -- the feeling of pushing the envelope into uncharted territory . The guy who is going to do this , Felix Baumgartner , must have that same feeling , at a level I will never reach . However , it did not stop me from feeling his pain when a gust of swirling wind kicked up and twisted the partially filled balloon that would take him to the upper end of our atmosphere . As soon as the 40-acre balloon , with skin no thicker than a dry cleaning bag , scraped the ground I knew it was over . How claustrophobia almost grounded supersonic skydiver With each twist , you could see the wrinkles of disappointment on the face of the current record holder and "  capcom "  capsule communications  , Col. Joe Kittinger . He hung his head low in mission control as he told Baumgartner the disappointing news : Mission aborted . The supersonic descent could happen as early as Sunday afternoon . For the latest updates on timing , check Red Bull 's status clock The weather plays an important role in this mission . Starting at the ground , conditions have to be very calm -- winds less than 2 mph , with no precipitation or humidity and limited cloud cover . The balloon , with capsule attached , will move through the lower level of the atmosphere  the troposphere  where our day-to-day weather lives . It will climb higher than the tip of Mount Everest  5.5 miles/8 .85 kilometers  , drifting even higher than the cruising altitude of commercial airliners  5.6 miles/9 .17 kilometers  and into the stratosphere . As he crosses the boundary layer  called the tropopause  , he can expect a lot of turbulence . The balloon will slowly drift to the edge of space at 120,000 feet  22.7 miles/36 .53 kilometers  . Here , "  Fearless Felix " will unclip . He will roll back the door . Then , I would assume , he will slowly step out onto something resembling an Olympic diving platform . Below , the Earth becomes the concrete bottom of a swimming pool that he wants to land on , but not too hard . Still , he 'll be traveling fast , so despite the distance , it will not be like diving into the deep end of a pool . It will be like he is diving into the shallow end . Skydiver preps for the big jump When he jumps , he is expected to reach the speed of sound -- 690 mph  1,110 kph  -- in less than 40 seconds . Like hitting the top of the water , he will begin to slow as he approaches the more dense air closer to Earth . But this will not be enough to stop him completely . If he goes too fast or spins out of control , he has a stabilization parachute that can be deployed to slow him down . His team hopes it 's not needed . Instead , he plans to deploy his 270-square-foot  25-square-meter  main chute at an altitude of around 5,000 feet  1,524 meters  . In order to deploy this chute successfully , he will have to slow to 172 mph  277 kph  . He will have a reserve parachute that will open automatically if he loses consciousness at mach speeds . Even if everything goes as planned , it wo n't . Baumgartner still will free fall at a speed that would cause you and me to pass out , and no parachute is guaranteed to work higher than 25,000 feet  7,620 meters  . It might not be the moon , but Kittinger free fell from 102,800 feet in 1960 -- at the dawn of an infamous space race that captured the hearts of many . Baumgartner will attempt to break that record , a feat that boggles the mind . This is one of those monumental moments I will always remember , because there is no way I 'd miss this .	Felix Baumgartner to attempt skydive from 23 miles up Weather will determine whether the jump will go on Meteorologist Judson Jones is anxiously awaiting the jump
CNN  -- Her popstar boyfriend has written a song about her "  heart of a champion , " but Victoria Azarenka is struggling to get on court at the moment . The Belorussian is unbeaten in 17 matches this year , but she has now suffered her third withdrawal of the season after a late pullout at the Miami Masters on Friday . She cited the ankle injury that forced her to miss last week 's quarterfinal against Caroline Wozniacki at Indian Wells , allowing Maria Sharapova to take the No. 2 ranking spot from her . "  The last two days I tried to practice , which did not get better so it just gives me a very obvious indication that it 's not possible for me to play , " Azarenka told reporters at Key Biscayne , where she was champion in 2009 and 2011 and this year had a first-round bye . "  Today I went on the court and I got more pain . I can not really move . It makes me very frustrated . " The Australian Open champion has been dating LMFAO 's Redfoo , whose new song "  Heart of a Champion " samples the tennis star 's trademark grunting and includes the lines "  You got ta start aggressive , Keep your feet moving , You got ta really want it , With everything you 're doing . " It even apparently alludes to her controversial Australian Open semifinal against Sloane Stephens , when the 23-year-old angered fans by taking a lengthy medical break at a crucial point in the match against the U.S. newcomer , citing breathing difficulties . The chorus includes : "  When you 're losing your breathing , Your body is sore , To be the last one standing , In the eye of a storm , It takes the heart of a champion . " Redfoo , the son of Motown Records founder Berry Gordy , is a keen tennis player himself and has entered in regional qualifying playoffs for this year 's U.S. Open . The 37-year-old rapper will try to get through in both singles and doubles , in which he will partner Ayaka Okuno , 17 , who he has been coaching . "  It 's always been a dream of mine to play professional tennis , " he said in a statement last week . Azarenka 's withdrawal allowed 19-year-old Lauren Davis into the main draw , and she took her chance -- saving three match points against Madison Keys before beating her fellow American 6-1 5-7 7-6  9-7  in the second-round match . There was also a walkover in the men 's event in Miami , as third seed David Ferrer progressed to the third round after Russia 's Dmitry Turnsunov pulled out due to illness . The Spaniard will next play Italian 32nd seed Fabio Fognini .	World No. 3 Victoria Azarenka pulls out of Miami tournament due to ankle injury She was also forced to withdraw at Indian Wells due to the problem Azarenka 's popstar boyfriend Redfoo has released a song dedicated to her He is a keen tennis player and has entered qualifying for the U.S. Open this year
